_ _  Then why do we really need national health insurance then? Wouldn't it just make more sense to find some way to cut down on the cost of malpractice insurance?  And maybe that's not such a good thing. I also read somewhere that it is next to impossible in Canada to litigate against the health system-class action suits are nearly impossible, and you can't sue the provincial health officials at all.   Oh no. Don't let the AMA know about this. They have enough power as it is. Ask most Americans..	3
es: .C  Excuse me for sticking my nose in, but any parent/parents who do not allready  immunize their children (especially if it is already free), don't deserve one  frigging dime of tax money for health care for themselves, or public health  care service.  (I know the immunization program and the coming national health care issue are  slightly seperate issues, but anybody who wouldn't help their kids, don't  deserve my tax help).	3
Hello...   Does anyone know of any C or C++ function libraries in the public domain  that assist in parsing an AUTOCAD .dxf file?    Please e-mail.    Thanks,  -	0
Wow, what a concept! Does anybody want to speculate on how this "non-connection" would fit into the theft of cable services laws? It seems to me that unless this case is specifically written into the legislation that the cable company would not have a leg to stand upon in court.  Does anybody out there have any specific legal knowledge on this?	2
I have MANY questions for all you experts out there pertaining to apple's built-in video.   #1, Do all macs that have built-in video have the ability to use VGA monitors? #2, If so/if not, which macs have this capability? #3, Can they drive SVGA as well? #4, how big of a vga monitor can they drive? #5, how can you tell if an unlabeled monitor is VGA? By the pinouts?  if so, what should it look like?  Particularly, i'm interested in knowing if the si or ci drive VGA, as well as the LC's capabilit..	1
You're right, I bailed out in Diff Eq. Nevertheless, I would   suggest to YOU that there is a difference between a "proposed BILL,  stalled in Congress" and a "executive order, crammed down OUR   THROATS". Do you disagree?     Went to the Post Office on Friday, got my passport apps in.	3
Readers,  I have found that the cache upgrade options for the Mac IIsi include the following: 1) AE QuickSilver   2) Daystar Fastcache IIsi   3) Daystar ComboCache IIsi   4) LogiCache IIsi 64k cache  I'd be interested in hearing opinions on any or all of these options. The other alternative is to upgrade to a CPU accelerator such as the LogiCache 50 MHz. Ideas, comparisions?	1
Hi,  My name is rahul and I am doing MS at USU, Logan My query is:  I have a HP workstation: HP Series 400 with X running on it. I have a true color - 24bit color monitor connected to this machine. Normally I have the capability to display 256 colors from a max of 16.7 million. Since the monitor is True Color I can see 16.7 million at a time.  Que: do we have a facility in X(c-function call) that will enable me to specify any RGB combination and see it on screen? I am using XStoreColor to set th..	0
What are the main advantages of this method? I have seen it described, and the algiorithm seems a little bit long. I developed my own method, which requires that the points be in a counter-clockwise order, and returns whether you are looking at the back or the front, similar to the plane eqn method. It uses few calculations however, basically it is several comparisons. The only disadvantage I see is that it must be done after the transformation from view coordinates to coordinates to display on ..	0
: : 42 is 101010 binary, and who would forget that its the : : answer to the Question of "Life, the Universe, and Everything else." : : Of course the Question has not yet been discovered... : ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ : But it WAS discovered (sort of). The question was "What is 7 times 8?"  [ Read on and there's a special prize at the bottom. Amaze your friends and gain respect from your peers that you can carry on so long about the number 42. ]  The original quest..	0
AT&T also puts out two new products for windows, Model numbers elude me now, a 15 bit video board with framegrabber and a 16bit with same. Yesterday I was looking at a product at a local Software ETC store. Media Vision makes a 15bit (32,768 color) frame capture board that is stand alone and doesnot use the feature connector on your existing video card. It claims upto 30 fps live capture as well as single frame from either composite NTSC or s-video in and out.	0
Not hard, you can do the refreshing and access cycles by software, but this hogs most of the available CPU cycles on a low-end controller. I've seen some application note from Philips that used one of their 8051 derivatives as a printer buffer, with up to 1MB of dynamic ram that was accessed and refreshed with software bit-banging.  Another alternative would be to use one of those nice DRAM controller chips that "create static RAM appearance" and all that, but they may be too expensive to make i..	2
subscribe comp.graphics quit	0
I'm trying to figure out how to operate a Pioneer Laserdisc LD-1000 that I bought at a surplus store. It is reputedly from some kind of computerised viewing and/or ordering system. THere is what may be an HPIB connector on the back. When I power it up, the front panel power light comes on, but no activity, and the door doesn't open. Anyone have any experience with this unit or any ideas on how to obtain documentation?	2
I have used both my serial ports with a modem and a serial printer,  so I cannot use Appletalk. Is there a Ethernet to Localtalk hardware that will let me use the Ethernet port on my Q700 as a Localtalk  port. Until they come out with satellite dishes that sit on your window & give you internet access from your home, I won't at all be using that port.	1
No. The REAL question: Should the Feds bail-out IBM ( a la Chrysler )  so that important $80K manufacturing jobs wouldn't be lost?	3
Hi all,  I just got a La Cie 240 meg external hard drive. Speed tests show that it's substantially faster that my internal 105 meg Quantum HD. Supposedly the 105 and the 240 (both LPS drives) are roughly rated the same speed. Why such a  large difference?  Marc.	1
Hello, I am looking for commercial software packages for professional fashion designers. Any recommendation and pointers are greatly appreciated. Please e-mail me, if you may. Thanks a million. - Ge	0
Could someone tell me how to make/find/get the best frontplate for IIvi/IIvx/C650 with internal SyQuest drive?  Is there one available or do I have to make one from the original or CD-ROM one or scratch?  Every suggestion welcome.	1
^^^^^^^^^  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  What kind of brainless clod posted the above garbage? Would they be so kind as to explain how this is "Clinton's" initiative, when it has been before Congress for "at least the past 6 months"?	3
I would like to know what people's opinions are about the  "real world" differences are between a C650 with and without  a coprocessor...  I don't use anything like Mathamatica, Maple, etc. I don't use Spreadsheets (at least no sheets with complicated anything), I don't use 3D CAD apps (although I used to),   I DO: use 3D renderers, EXTENSIVE communications, I run a BBS, I write software, I write papers, etc...  BTW, just for kicks, this is what I was told by my local Apple Rep about upgrading a..	1
Sean, the 68070 exists! :-)     Sean, I don't want to get into a 'mini-war' by what I am going to say, but I have to be a little bit skeptic about the performance you are claiming on the Centris, you'll see why (please, no-flames, I reserve those for c.s.m.a :-) )   I was in Chicago in the last consumer electronics show, and Apple had a booth there. I walked by, and they were showing real-time video capture using a (Radious or SuperMac?) card to digitize and make right on the spot quicktime movi..	0
# >... Why would the picture tube explode or even smoke?  Naw, it was the penguin on TOP of the set that exploded... ;-}	2
Dear Netters,  My sister has an Apple 12" Color Display hooked up to an LC.  Problem: There is an annoying, horizontal, ghost-like stripe that  precesses vertically about once per second. It is about 1 cm high. She is in grave danger of going insane because of it.  Any ideas of what it might be and how I might cure it for her?  -Joe Betts betts@netcom.com	1
Does anybody know if there is a mailing list or newsgroup for Power Systems and related areas?  Thanks,	2
1. Why, or how actually, can a Powerbook have a 640 x 400 pixel  display, regardless if it is a 9" or 10", and still keep the  72 dpi resolution? (I assume that it doesn't, and I don't   mean to imply they *all* have these dimensions)   2. Any info on price drops or new models (non-Duo) coming up?	1
Has anyone written or seen a C library or C++ class for fixed-point math, or good articles about same?  I pretty much know how to do this, but I have a few other wheels to invent at the moment...  Thanks!	0
Hello,  I just canceled my support of the Cable Regime and I would like to at least pick up the 3 networks and NBC. :) I do not have tons of money nor even a few pounds so what I am looking for is the best solution for reception for under 100 dollars. I have seen modules that you plug into your wall outlet that "supposedly" make your entire house an antenna. I have to admit, even with my limited knowledge of wavelength and aerial reception, this seems dubious in its claims for "excellent recepti..	2
= Please bear with me as i am new at this game, i apologize unreservedly if i hav e posted another message earlier by mistake. but i digress, could anyone out th ere please explain exactly what DMORF does (dtax.exe). Does it simply fade one bitmap into another or does it reshape one bitmap into another. Excuse my ignor ance.....	0
Hi all,   I have a IIsi with a floppy drive that might be bad (and might just be out of alignment, I haven't checked yet. :-)) If the drive is not easily reparable, I'd like to replace it with an _internal_ floptical. Can this be easily done? Can it be done at all?   I'm assuming that floptical drives can read and write both 800k and 1.4k floppies. If this is not in fact true, please tell me.	1
Such as? Not being able to get married isn't a roadblock to a permanent relationship. Lack of a marriage certificate doesn't force a couple to break up. This is an excuse used by homosexuals because the  alternative is to ask why they are so much more promiscuous than  straights.	3
The Sound Driver is pretty ok, since it's fast. Sound Manager used by the book is *useless*. Disposing of sound channels as soon as sound has completed is out of the question for games with smooth animation. (It's too slow.)  The Sound Driver is so much snappier than Sound Manager. Unfortunately, System 7 supports it poorly, making programs crash occasionally.   Well, I want my code to work on old systems too. I don't know about sys 7.1, but at least on 6.0.7, there are bugs in the Sound Manager..	1
If a six year old child does a funny trick and you say well done he will do it again and it may be funny. Then they may repeat it over and over again bu you still have to pretend its funny even though it isn't any more. Once they are older than six you expect them to realise that doing the same thing over and over again isn't funny any more.  Basicaly Ed fails to be amusing because he is merely crass. He does not make jokes that have any political content beyond attempting to ridicule their targ..	3
I've borrowed the 1992-93 version of this book from a friend...holy moley! What a wealth of contacts. Five-hundred pages of information about electronic artists and organizations around the globe (many have email addresses). An up to the minute database of this information is also available on Minitel (the book's based in France...are there any Internet=>Minitel gates?). The book is printed in French and English.   To have you or your organization listed in IDEA, just send your information to:  ..	0
This is for a friend of mine. Please send answers directly to him (E-Mail adress see below )!   HIGHSPEED ANALOG-DIGITAL PC-BOARD  Hello LAdies and Gentleman !  I am looking for a highspeed A/D PC-Board with a sampling rate above 250 MHz an a resolution of 8-bit. The sampling rate can be arranged by an interleave mode where the time equivalent sampling yields 2, 4 or 8 times higher sampling rate than the A/D-Converter uses in non interleave mode.  The board must content an A/D-Converter similar ..	2
: >I was also sceptical about the amps being built in the far-east : > or where-ever. But if you look in the amp and see what components : > they use and how it was designed, you can easily see why the : > amplifiers sound so brilliant.  : Good point...also, I wouldn't be surprised that the components : they use off-shore are of inferior quality. As long as it was : properly designed and robust, premium components are used, it : shouldn't matter where it is assembled.  Definately, I agree wholeh..	2
-  I was wondering, what copy protection techniques are avaliable, and how effective are they? Has anyone have any experience in this area?   With highest regards,  Babak Sehari.	2
Great, the first advantage of cheap coax, I've ever heard.  Cheers Robert (HB9NBY)	2
-  + ............The OTIS Project '93 +   + "The Operative Term Is STIMULATE" +   -  -this file last updated..4-21-93-   WHAT IS OTIS?  OTIS is here for the purpose of distributing original artwork and photographs over the network for public perusal, scrutiny,  and distribution. Digital immortality.  The basic idea behind "digital immortality" is that computer networks  are here to stay and that anything interesting you deposit on them will be around near-forever. The GIFs and JPGs of today will..	0
Has anybody out there used/tested these new Fluke Scopemeters? How do they compare to a low-end Tectronix oscilloscope? Are there any big drawbacks about these handheld scopes when compared to the benchtop scopes of the same price range ($1000-$2000)?  Any info on the Fluke Scopemeters would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks,	2
We have recently obtained a Centris 610 and it has developed an unusual video problem.   Model: 610 with 8 MB/230 HD, 512K VRAM, no cards Monitor: Apple 16"  When the computer is set for 256 colors and certain operations are done, particularly vertical scrolling through a window, horizontal white lines appear on the monitor (which generally but not always spare open windows). These lines accummulate as the operation is continued. If a window is moved over the involved area of the screen and then..	1
I need to find a UART that will interface to an 8051 and do the following:  -250k baud, 8 data bits, 2 stop bits, no parity  -ability to do BREAK detect (IRQ or output pin)  -IRQ on character received  I'm using a Dallas DS2250 at 16 Mhz (8051 clone), but it won't do  break detect. I've looked at the 6850, 8251, 7201, 2661, etc...	2
You need to hop over to talk.politics.misc. Wee have been chewing on this gem for awhile. The challenge has been made to name a single supply sider who ever said this. For the last three weeks the challenge has gone unmet. I issue the same challenge to you.	3
You must not have tried very hard. I just opend mine in about 2 seconds. Take a look on the bottom, it has a dial that turns to open much like the older ADB mouses used to have. It's a bit harder to turn at first but it is quite simple to open.    Well, if you don't match up the pins correctly you will have some problems. A close look at the socket should give you an idea of the proper orientation of the chip.	1
About a year ago I started work on a problem that appeared to be very simple and turned out to be quite difficult. I am wondering if anyone on the net has seen this problem and (hopefully) some published  solutions to it.   The problem is to draw an outline of a surface defined by two roughly parallel cubic splines. For inputs the problem essentially starts with two sets of points where each set of points is on the  edge of an object which we treat as two dimensional, i.e. only extant between th..	0
I'm addicted to chocolate myself.	3
for a identifies that  Is this software available either commercially or public domain? If so where?	1
I own a Mac IIsi and am considering upgrades (cards, hard drive, etc). Can you tell me what the power limitations are for 1) the PDS slot and 2) the hard drive power feed. Secondly, Can you tell me if there is a separate limit for each, or if instead, there is a single limit for both combined?	1
Dear Reader,   I'am searching for an implementation of a polygon reduction algorithm for marching cubes surfaces. I think the best one is the reduction algorithm from Schroeder et al., SIGGRAPH '92. So, is there any implementation of this  algorithm, it would be very nice if you could leave it to me.  Also I'am looking for a fast !!! connectivity test for marching cubes surfaces.  Any help or hints will be very useful. Thanks a lot	0
Yes, very serious. I claim that I can substantiate my statement that Rudman says he doesn't believe Perot was investigating him. You claim Perot was investigating him. If you will state that you were in error on this point, provided I produce the source, I'll go dig it up.  Now give me one reason why I should go to the trouble if you won't agree to this? It is simple enough you know. But I don't have time to waste if you'll just blow it off with more of the tripe you usually post.	3
I repair a lot of monitors here, and I'd like to know where I can get a pattern generator (or a circuit for one) that will provide MDA, EGA and VGA signals. Using a whole PC to do this takes up too much space on my bench, and is somewhat less than portable. I guess I could sit down and design something, but I don't have the time right now - any (reasonable) suggestions would be appreciated.  TNX  TG	2
Does anyone know if a Nanao 750i is compatible with any popular Mac video cards? I have an oppurtunity to get a brand new one, cheap, and I am very tempted, but it will be a waste of time if I can't drive it using a standard video card.  While I'm on the subject, what's everybody's reccomendations for a 21" color monitor. I've heard good things about the NEC 6FG, and of course, there is always the reliable old Macintosh 21" display, but what are YOUR experiences.  David J Harr Cyberpunk Software..	1
Joe,   As usual, this issue of dysfunction, of bad values, of messed up culture  is easily embraced by non african americans when it comes to explaining problems in our community. From your post, you apparently find the idea that something is wrong with African Americans, value-wise, culture wise or something, very appealing. I never cease to be amazed at how eager non african americans are to embrace theories about our problems which basically assert that something is wrong with us. The socio-e..	3
Well, the message was interesting (and long), but TWICE? Oh Well. Personally, I loathe libertarianism, but my disagreement is philisophical, not tactical. Election law reform is a good idea. You would not believe what kind of stunts the creatures of the 2 party system are capable of pulling. = David Matthew Deane (deane@binah.cc.brandeis.edu)	3
Not quite. The answer is: Many homosexuals, heterosexual, and bisexuals are, but then, many are not.   Or, more simply: Lots of people are.	3
Are complex bio-medical images available anywhere on the net for  experimentation? By complex I mean that every sampled data point has  a magnitude and phase information both.	0
I aparantly mistyped the address for the ftp site which holds the images. The correct address should be:  jupiter.csd.unb.ca  ^^ rather than jupiter.csd.unb.edu. They are in the directory:  \pub\library.info	0
[part of posting removed]   * the Sony CPD-1304 has better video circuitry than either of the  other two monitors. It can display Apple 640x480, VGA 640x480, VGA  800x600 (though this has 56 Hz flicker), and Apple 832x624 (75 Hz  refresh: no flicker at all). It might be able to display Apple's  1024x768, but I'm not sure about this, and the pixels would be real  small anyway so it might not be that useful.   Note that with either Sony monitor, you will need the proper adapter,  which both connec..	1
I've got two CD300's... The first one i ordered Jan 15, and I received it Feb. 20. The second one I ordered Jan 20th, and I just got it April 2nd or so. Anyway, they both come with 10 misc. CDROMs... Things like a "Intro to Nautilis", a sample CD of Kodak pictures, "From Alice to Ocean" (a story of a woman who treked across Austrailia), 3 discs from apple, a games disc, an applications disc, and a "titles" disc (haven't checked most of these out yet). Also some "Cinderella" thing for kids, a dis..	1
Hi... what alternatives to the Express modem do Duo owners have (if they want to go at least 9600 baud)?  Every place in town says they are back ordered, and part of the reason I want a laptop mac is so I can use it as a remote terminal from wherever I am, but I really would hate to have to wait 2 months to get a modem in or have to settle with 2400 baud.	1
Hi,  I am looking for a PC card which does european videotext/teletext descrambling (PAL). Does anyone in the US sell such a card? I once saw an article about a card with the same functionallity in a european Elektor magazine, but I wasn't able to track it down.	2
HI, I was wondering if anyone would be able to help me on twwo related subjects. I am currently learning about AM/FM receivers and recieving circuits. I understand a lot of things ,but a few things I am confused abuot. The first is the MIXER, to mix the RF and local oscillator frequencies to make the IF. Does anyone have any cicruit diagrams (as simple as possible) for this kind of mixer? I have come across a MC-SBL mixer chip But I have not been able to find it in any catalogs (ACTIVE,etc...)  ..	2
]In article <C4vr7z.EB0@usenet.ucs.indiana.edu>,    >>Is it a hidden option? I'm using PowerStrip 2.0 (by Mr. Caputo) right now  >>and can't find any quick discharge option. It definitely is on  >>mac.archive.umich.edu 'cause I submitted it!    My apologies! I goofed. The "quick discharge" option is part of the Connectix PowerBook Utilities package (CPU). I installed it the same day as PowerStrip, and didn't pay enough attention. ;) Anyway, the option does exist for those of you who buy CPU.    ..	1
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary  (Vancouver, British Columbia)  _    BACKGROUND BRIEFING  BY  SENIOR ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS    April 4, 1993     Canada Place  Vancouver, British Columbia    9:40 A.M. PST         Folks, we're about to start the BACKGROUND BRIEFING  on the aid package.    SENIOR ADMINISTRATION OFFICIAL: Good morning. The  President - President Clinton and President Yeltsin agreed  yesterday on a series of American initiatives to support economic  and political re..	3
Sounds like a job for a universal time reciever. I don't know the logisitics of the situation, but if you could just place a reciever in snow and place the oscillator in a nice lab somewhere else, your problems should be solved. Just a suggestion.	2
Recently, my video monitor went dead, no picture, some low distorted sound. I didn't hear the tell-tale cracking that indicated HV at work, nor are the filaments at the far end of the tube glowing orange, just nothing.  On examining the power board, I noticed the largest capacitor with a very bad bulge at the top. Naturally, I want to replace it, but I can't find any sources.  The electrolytic capacitor is 330 mF at 250WV. It has radial leads, and is roughly 1 1/2 inches long, 1 1/8" wide. The d..	2
I tried the right set and it didn't work. I'm on the phone to their tech support right now and the guys doesn't know what a desktop rebuild is!!! He's got me holding for someone else............... And holding, and holding, and holding.	1
Yes, that's known as "Bresenhams Run Length Slice Algorithm for Incremental lines". See Fundamental Algorithms for Computer Graphics, Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg 1985.    Hmm. I don't think I can help you with this, but you might take a look at the following:   "Double-Step Incremental Generation of Lines and Circles", X. Wu and J. G. Rokne, Computer Graphics and Image processing, Vol 37, No. 4, Mar. 1987, pp. 331-334   "Double-Step Generation of Ellipses", X. Wu and J. G. Rokne, IEEE Com..	0
Hi everybody,  Can anyone name an anonymous ftp-site where I can find the sources of the PBM-PLUS package (portable bit/gray/pixel map). I would like to compile and run it on a Sun Sparcstation.	0
OK, I admit I have no hard data on this. Why don't you help me with this? If you would compile a commented list of all grants, un-repaid loans (if any), and direct aid, I'd be very interested to see it. If you could give me references from, for example, Congressional Budget Authorization Hearings, I could look them up here and I'd be happy to post a verification of your data.  Otherwise, I'll try my hand at this, but unfortunately I won't have sufficient time available until the end of this mont..	3
Yes, but in a fairly reproducible way. -40 is only a smidgen of the distance to absolute zero. And in any case you're going to have to borrow freezer space from a bio lab or someone to test/calibrate this darling anyway. Btw, you're probably going to want those big capacitors you found to fire the solenoid - High current drain on frozen batteries can be an ugly thing.	2
I am trying to put a 40MB drive from my LC into a case. It is a Conner CP3040A. I can't figure out which jumpers are the SCSI ID jumpers. Is anyone familiar with this drive?  At the end of the drive (oposite the 50 pin pibbon connector), there are eleven pins which look like this:    o o o o o o 1  o o o o o 2   L5 CR12 C37  where the "o" are pins, and the "L5 CR12 C37" represent some of the silk screen notation near these pins.  Elsewhere on the board there are four jumper pads marked E1,E2,E3,..	1
Do you have a cite for the case? You don't give enough information to be able to compare the two situations. If the demonstrators had been blaring loud rock music  into the landlord's home all day and night, then I could see how the opinion would be justified. But this court order had prohibited abortion protesters from displaying pictures of dead fetuses, which doesn't disrupt the privacy of anyone inside the clinic.    Perhaps in the privacy of their homes, but not on public property. Did the ..	3
Some tape archivists suggest what they were after had something to do with the Kennedy assasination. Let's hear all of the tapes real soon, shall we?	3
The economic and political ignorance of most Americans can be truly scary. Price controls and government intervention. The surest route to disaster. It's amazing, people never seem to learn from history (or common sense). Price controls do not, and cannot work. I would have thought our last experiment in the 70's would have been enough to  dampen the belief that price controls can actually work. As for government intervention, people never seem to get the irony of what the are saying. We are tol..	3
op that worked was the "Macintosh |> >Software" loop (whatever that means). |>  |> I doubt this is a Quadra-specific problem. I had to get |> rid of my "venerable" Bernoulli 20 last year (with enough  |> cartridges purchased at _$90 each to make the whole thing  |> worth more than my whole computer ;). The tech support guys |> at Ocean Microsystems suggested that some third-party drivers  |> might fix the problem - in my case the cartridges wouldn't  |> format/mount/partition for A/UX.  hat the..	1
Hey, *I* wasn't the one dancing and singing on Jan. 20, now  WAS I? I was roundly ridiculed for my "predictions".   Sure they were easy. TEll that to the other 43% of the people. :)      Just WAIT until the see what Clinton has planned for   their pension funds! :) This one doesn't take much thinking  either. Uncle Sam needs money, BAD, and pension funds got it.   Well, they USED to have it. Turns out the states have been  plundering state employee funds for the past 2-3 years. ;)	3
I just got an IBM-PC XT with no documents. Its a true IBM, and I was wondering if anyone had the definitions of the 2 8 position dip switches?	2
On sunsite.unc.edu in pub/multimedia/utilities/unix find   mpeg_play-2.0.tar.Z.  I find for mono it works best as mpeg_play -dither threshold   though you can use mpeg_play -dither mono  Face it, this is not be the best viewing situation.  Also someone has made a patch for mpeg_play that gives two more mono modes (mono2 and halftone).  They are by jan@pandonia.canberra.edu.au (Jan Newmarch). And the patch can be found on csc.canberra.edu.au (137.92.1.1) under /pub/motif/mpeg2.0.mono.patch.	0
I can only say that those people are wrong. The word harass means to  irritate or torment persistently; I'd hardly consider one time to fall under the definition of persistent. Additionally, there is no basis to assume the behaviour is unwanted, unlike an illegal proposition.  I was speaking from a legalistic viewpoint. What you say is true, but the law, in order to make what little sense it manages to make, has to make *some* assumptions. Assuming that an illegal activity is unwanted by the ave..	3
In the May issue of C't Magazine was an article about upgrading 040 models of apple. They simply change crystals and add a fan. Hammerhead: Centris 610 was able to work with 25 MHz (cooler prefered)  and for 1000 DM you get an 68040 (33MHz) which works with the  appropriate crystal at full speed. (extra cooling required)   Centris 650 like Quadra 700 with extra cooling 33MHz works on  most machines and for real power enthusiasts they used a  Quadra 950 at 40 MHz wow! But for better description y..	1
Hi there,  when I run Disk First Aid on my external hard drive (Quantum LPS 240) I get the followinf message: Error -535: Missing thread record (TarID=31015; TarBlock 416) Disk First Aid is not able to fix this problem, Norton Utils doesn't find it at all. When I use Norton Disk editor to look at TarBlock 416 I can read something like "DirReservedArea"  My question: How can I get rid of this error (without reformatting of course)	1
The equation of the sphere through the 4 points (x1,y1,z1),...,(x4,y4,z4) is  | x^2+y^2+z^2 x1^2+y1^2+z1^2 ... x4^2+y4^2+z4^2 |  | x x1 ... x4 |  | y y1 ... y4 | = 0  | z z1 ... z4 |  | 1 1 ... 1 | When this 5 by 5 determininant is expanded on its first column you get the equation in the form  A(x^2+y^2+z^2) + Bx + Cy + Dz + E = 0 If you need the center and radius, jyst divide through by A (it cannot be zero if the 4 given points form a non-degenerate tetrahedron) and complete the square on x, y..	0
Is the ".3ds" file format for Autodesk's 3D Animation Studio available?  Thanks, Gary	0
Well, the temp file thing creates an obvious problem: it is impossible to use cview for viewing CD-ROM based picture collections. And it is the ONLY non- windows viewer that works properly with my Cirrus-based 24 bit VGA.	0
I am currently looking for a 3D graphics library that runs on MS Windows 3.1. Are there any such libraries out there other than Visuallib? (It must run on VGA and should not require any other add-on graphics cards).  For Visuallib, will it run with Metaware High C compiler v3.0? Any email contact for the author of Visuallib?  Any help would be much appreciated. Thanks.	0
An addition to anti-discrimination laws which includes homo and bisexuality ? One would assume it would be because politicians were listening to the people coming up with rational arguments rather than variations on bigotry. Logic sometimes prevails.  BTW, glad to see that you've admitted sexual attraction to children is a seperate sexual orientation. Didn't think you had that much honesty.	3
Uh oh...  Umm, there are a number of copy protection schemes. Some involve modifying the physical media, and some involve encryption schemes, &c.  All of the ones that have existed over the course of computing have been successful for a time. I recall, however, near monthly releases of new ways to "crack" the copy protection scheme of the latest releases. The fact is, none of them are completely secure, or anywhere near it. Some are more or less difficult to crack, and some have already been cra..	2
I have also been trying to complete my collection. I have an extra CCI # 16 (Communications) and a # 12 (Applications in the Arts), both in mint condition.  I would like to trade for (or buy) the following: # 1, 3, 22, 23, 25, 26, 30, and 31.  Thanks -David	2
My understanding from my psycology classes is that the percentage is   more like 10-12% world wide. I would really like to know your source  for the 1-2% figure.	3
Try lyman.pppl.gov - /pub/8051	2
Does anyone out there know of any products using Motorola's Neuron(r) chips MC143150 or MC143120. If so, what are they and are they utilizing Standard Network Variable Types (SNVT)? _	2
You can order one from Digital today.  Cheers,       / h+ -   - Jon W{tte, h+@nada.kth.se, Mac Hacker Deluxe -	1
I did hear this question asked during a radio news update of the case. (They were talking about the ongoing trial and had some audio clips). Immediately after the defense attorney asked the question, there was an "Objection!" heard in the background. The clip ended at that point so I don't know if the objection was upheld. I can't imagine NC is *that* bad.   This I didn't hear as an audio clip but heard it reported a number of times on news stories both during and after the trial. Now the "we di..	3
Good I had a bad feeling about this problem because of a special case with no solution that worried me.  Four coplanar points in the shape of a square have no unique sphere  that they are on the surface of. Similarly 4 colinear point have no finite sized sphere that they are on the surface of.  These algorithms being geometrical designed rather than algebraically design meet these problems neatly.  When determining which plane the 3 points are on if they are colinear the algorithm should afil or..	0
: We are interested in purchasing a grayscale printer that offers a good : resoltuion for grayscale medical images. Can anybody give me some : recommendations on these products in the market, in particular, those : under $5000?  : Thank for the advice.	0
For an upcoming project I want to use 4 Megs of DRAM configured as two 2 Meg banks of 16 bit data. I was wondering if anyone out there knows of a DRAM controller which will handle refreshing the data. It's ok if the controller doesn't handle bank switching - that part is easy.  The only controllers I know of are the ones out of the National Semiconductor DRAM Management Handbook (1988 edition) eg. DP8429. I would like to know if another manufacturer produces one which may be easier to implement ..	2
Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt!! Sorry - wrong. It would be an extremely hot idea...at least with the current Alphas. The available Alphas run up to 200 MHz. But they produce quite a bit of heat. In fact so much that they need special mounting with extra large heat sinks.  Also Apple looks pretty commited to the PowerPC route instead of a deal with DEC.         -Sid	1
And who's advocating that? Hate crimes laws are aimed at the motivations of the acts. Just like premeditated homicide is treated stricter than heat-of-passion homicide.   So if I set off a bomb in the World Trade Center, I can only be charged with more than one murder, and not the other five deaths and extensive property damage? After all, the bomb was a single act.	3
Kaldis, you are a worm.   Translation- It's them DAMN liberals again!   Who gave you the authority to create and enforce this rather hazy thing called "the American Way"? This is a democracy, and we don't need to stick to it or stick up for it unless we so choose. Remember that, Ted, from Civics class in Greeley, CO?   Nice generalization.   Coming from such a crass example of "manly dignity," he must feel _really_ hurt.	3
My company has developed an application for the Mac that emulates a chart recorder - virtual pen traces scroll smoothly across the screen. As we tested the application on a number of computers we discovered some surprising performance differences across products. The scroll performance of the IIsi and LCII was better than the IIfx. This led us to investigate Color Quickdraw performance across the Apple line.  The results:  The fastest QuickDraw color performing computer Apple makes is the (drumr..	1
One not-so-quick question to throw out there for you guys...  For our class project, we need to design and build a power supply to the following specs:  Voltatge: adjustable from 1-12V Current: *limited* at 1A  Voltage must stay within 2% of designated value for I from 0-1A AC ripple less than 5 mV (rms)  Of course, we can't just use an adjustable voltage, current-limiting regulator chip ;^)  Our problem is with the current limiting (i.e. we've found stuff to do the rest of the parts of the circ..	2
I missed the first part of this thread; are you switching line level or speaker level audio? If line level, there's a single chip 4x1 *stereo* audio switch available that switches 4 two-channel inputs into 1 two-channel output, and also has a mute function, all controllable with ttl inputs. LM1037, I think?  If speaker level, never mind. :(	2
Add me to the list of bugged 230 owners.  I had a bunch of problems regarding sleep/wakeup/restart with the 230 when I first got it, both with and without the techworks ram. Finally it "died", wouldn't start, until I opened the docking door (which snaps open) and  the machine came up fine, but with the clock a few decades off. Apple  replaced the processor board.  Now,  twice the machine has frozen (no mouse action)  twice the machine has refused to wake up. Acutally, the backlighting  came on, ..	1
For a good display, you *must* get an active matrix panel and a *very* bright overhead projector designed to be used with an LCD panel (i.e. stage must not get too hot). I tried out a Proxima Ovation unit and liked it, but I needed a brighter projector (I used it with a 3M 920). It is also too expensive for what you get, IMHO. Prices of active matrix panels are rumoured to drop substantially sometime this year (something to do with tarrifs being lifted I think).   In Canadian dollars, the Proxim..	1
Some kind soul told me that I could change the serial port buffer size of Zterm via ResEdit. He did not tell me HOW I could change it using ResEdit, and I have lost his e-mail address.  Could he or any one else please tell me what to do?  I assume that the relevant resource is zSet, but I do not know, and I have no template for that resource. If you have a TMPL for the correct resource, I would be grateful to receive it. That way, I could play around a bit and maybe get my Duo to do something us..	1
I am in the midst of designing a project which requires two motors and an LED illuminator driven with Pulse-width modulation. I'm using the 8751, and I understand that the -FB version has a programmable counter array that can essentially be set and forgotten to do the PWM. The problems is, that variant is difficult to come by. I need two or three of the D prefix (ceramic window) version for development, and then lots of the P prefix (plastic OTP) for later production. I've tried Avnet, Arrow, an..	2
Hi, Could some kind soul post me the max power/voltage/current ratings of 2SC1096 and 2SA634 transistors, their conductance types and pinouts. They are used in the sweep portion of a TV set. Thanks in advance,	2
Help! How do you write to the second bank/page of memory when in VGA 320x200x256 colour mode?. ie: to perform page flipping animation and buffering of the screen.  I have tried using the Map Mask Registers, but this does not perform the required task (Although it does do something).  Note: It *must* be able to work on a standard VGA (ie: not necessarily a SVGA card).	0
Check out Image Pals v1.2 from U-Lead (until May, special $99 intro price, 310-523-9393). It has the basic image processing tools for all major formats, does screen grabbing, and allows all your image files to be calalogged into a thumbnail database. It's great!	0
Many Companies package Syquest drives for the mac already.... So unless you are using one for the IBM world, Id buy a Mac ready Config.	1
AllMichael CovingtonTelephone on hook/off hok  MC>From: mcovingt@aisun3.ai.uga.edu (Michael Covington) MC>Organization: AI Programs, University of Georgia, Athens MC>Aye, there's the rub - if you draw enough current to light an LED, th MC>equipment at the phone company will think you've gone off hook. MC>In the on-hook state you're not supposed to draw current.   Ok lets have some calculation here: Going by Australian standards, which I  presume might be similar to other countries ( If not, lets..	2
Greetings!!   I planning to upgrade my Mac IIsi:    (1) from the present 5Megs to 17Megs;  and (2) add a Math-Coprocessor.   Technology Works, of Austin (Texas) comes quite highly recommended by  some Mac magazines. I was just wonderring if anyone could share with me  anything about Tech Works (both good and bad experiences); or give any advice about other mail-order companies that I may consider.   Your reply would be very much appreciated. Thanks in advance.	1
Our group recently bought a Mitsubishi P78U video printer and I could use some help with it. We bought this thing because it (1) has a parallel data input in addition to the usual video signal inputs and (2) claimed to print 256 gray level images. However, the manual that came with it only describes how to format the parallel data to print 1 and 4 bit/pixel images. After some initial problems with the parallel interface I now have this thing running from a parallel port of an Hewlett-Packard wor..	0
Has anybody made a converter from irit's .irt or .dat format to  .pov format ?  Thanks!	0
I have a Diamond Speedstar 24X board that I want to program for 24 bit 640x480 graphics, or possibly 800x600 16 bit color. Does anybody have any libraries supporting these modes on this board? Even somes simple routines to set the graphics mode and plot individual pixels would be a great help. I plan to use the routines with djgp.   Thanks in advance. Please respond also via e-mail.	0
I have no experience with this particular hardware, but just about every month in Macworld there is an add for an combined SE accelerator/Video board. This item sells for about $1000 and comes with a 25MHz 68030/68882 pair, eight SIMM slots, and a grayscale 21" monitor.  This accelerator plugs into the SE's lone expansion port and thus no soldering. You will however, need a long TORX wrench to get the case open (but that's not really a big deal).  Does that sound like what you were looking for?	1
WOW !!!! Did I discover a great BBS !! It's called Sovereignty Lies In The People BBS: 916-589-4620 14.4 k baud. FREE and Confidential ! Fictitious names OK ! Subjects and files contained on the BBS:  * FIND OUT HOW THE GOVERNMENT HAS BEEN SCAMMING US !!!! * State Citizenship documents and issues.  ARE YOU A CALIFORNIA REPUBLIC CITIZEN OR A U.S. FEDERAL CITIZEN ?  Remember there were only State Citizens before the 14th amendment!!  One is subject to federal income tax, one isn't.  Did you volunt..	3
Can somebody please help me with information about an American Magnetics Corporation Magstripe Card Reader that I recently bought locally from a surplus dealer.  On the rear it has the following information:   American Magnetics Corporation  Carson, CA, USA  Magstripe Card Reader  Model 41,  P/N 507500 - 2300112311  It is fitted with a cable with a RS232 Cannon 25-pin connector on the end and has a separate power connector like the once used with wall chargers.  Frode	2
- 51 Arrested for Defying Judge's Order at Abortion Protest Rally The Miami Herald, April 11, 1993   Melbourne, Florida - [...]   Circuit Judge Robert McGregor's order prohibits anti-abortion pickets  within 36 feet of the property line of Aware Woman Center for Choice.  Even across the street, they may not display pictures of dead fetuses  or sing or chant loud enough to be heard by patients inside the clinic.   The protesters say the ruling all but wiped out the First Amendment  to the Constit..	3
I think you are suffering from some alignment or color table or <whatever> problems, if a Color Classic is as fast as a Quadra rendering to screen.  What screen card you use does of course matter much (built-in video is almost always faster than NuBus)  Or you measured "scroll entire screen" where the Color Classic had a VRAM 10" screen in 4-bit color and the Quadra had a 21" 24-bit screen on NuBus :-)  Cheers,        / h+	1
Fortunately, wire-wrapping is a better wiring technique than most at high frequencies; Cray computers (up to the X-MP, at least) all had wirewrapped backplanes. Wirewrap gets into trouble at much higher frequencies than any TTL can handle. The 'increase' of wiring capacitance is not really relevant (you have to use transmission line techniques, and the capacitance is no problem).     Hand-powered is a terrible choice (IMHO) unless you are a field maintenance person who will do maybe a dozen conn..	2
The pricing of parts reminds me of something a chemist once said to me:  "A gram of this dye costs a dollar. It comes out of a liter jar which also costs a dollar. And if you want a whole barrel of it, that also costs a dollar."  I.e., they charge you almost exclusively for packaging it and delivering it to you - the chemical itself (in that particular case) was a byproduct that cost almost nothing intrinsically.	2
Again, Mr. Frank has come to the rescue with his cool headed reason. How about, "One charge per victim?" Of course I'll think about it in a few days and find a case where this doesn't apply either.   What the heck, I don't study law, I just hate lawyers. :)	3
As far as I know, they did; my new Mac came with one yesterday... (And I got my ergonomic keyboard, on order for three months, the other day, too!)  Cheers,       / h+ -   - Jon W{tte, h+@nada.kth.se, Mac Hacker Deluxe -	1
Where could I find a description of the JPG file format? Specifically I need to know where in a JPG file I can find the height and width of  the image, and perhaps even the number of colors being used.  Any suggestions?  Peter	0
Has anyone ever heard of FET-TRONS (or is it FETRONS, FETTRONS, ...). These were FET replacement modules for vacuum tubes. I'm looking for applications where they were used.	2
If anyone out there has an HP180 series scope or mainframe, I have the TDR plug in (the 1810, I believe) for it and have no need to keep it. Interested? E-mail me.  -  -  Dave Medin   Phone: (205) 730-3169 (w)  SSD-Networking    (205) 837-1174 (h)  Intergraph Corp.  M/S GD3004   Internet: dtmedin@catbyte.b30.ingr.com  Huntsville, AL 35894  UUCP: ...uunet!ingr!b30!catbyte!dtmedin   * Everywhere You Look (at least around my office) *	2
Bob is indeed correct here in more than one way. A look in the old RCA picture tube manual backs this up, as does SAMS Reference Data handbook. The internal coating around the perimeter of the CRT (not the aluminum or tin CRT face coating) is referred to as a "dag" as well as the outer coating.  Thankfully, I didn't need to go to a f* library to find it, either. One sparkling water for Mr. Vanderbyl (no caffeine in that, is there).  -  -  Dave Medin   Phone: (205) 730-3169 (w)  SSD-Networking   ..	2
A very kind soul has mailed me this reply for the bugs in CView. Since he isn't in the position to post this himself, he asked me to post it for him, but to leave his name out. So here it comes:  CView has quite a number of bugs. The one you mention is perhaps the most annoying, but not the most dangerous. As far as I can determine, it has to do with the temp files that CView creates. CView gives the user no control over where it places its temp files: it just places them in its "current directo..	0
I am looking for comments from people who have used/heard about PhotoShop for Windows. Is it good? How does it compare to the Mac version? Is there a lot of bugs (I heard the Windows version needs "fine-tuning)?  Any comments would be greatly appreciated..  Thank you.	0
Hi guys.  I am scanning in a color image and it looks fine on the screen. When I  converted it into PCX,BMP,GIF files so as to get it into MS Windows the colors got much lighter. For example the yellows became white. Any ideas?	0
Enemy? Sounds like that's the viewpoint of the stereotypical rednecked conservative - 'always been commies, always will be.' I suggest you listen very carefully to the stuff Yeltsin and his people are saying and compare that with the very anti-West slogans coming from his opponents in the Russian congress. I sure know who I want to back.  Oh, BTW, Germany has sure come back as a terrible enemy after WWII, hasn't it?  Better to let them degenerate into civil war? Remember all those nuclear weapon..	3
Looking for a graphics/CAD/or-whatever package on a X-Unix box that will take a file with records like:  n a b p  where n = a count - integer   a = entity a - string  b = entity b - string  p = type - string  and produce a networked graph with nodes represented with boxes or circles and the vertices represented by lines and the width of the line determined by n. There would be a different line type for each type of vertice. The boxes need to be identified with the entity's name. The number of en..	0
-  This is not news. In fact it's where I got the idea from, since it was such a neat item. Mattell made it, I believe, modeled after a "space  saber" or "light sword" or something likewise theme-y. My addition was  using a motor for continuous display, and polar effects in addition to  character graphics. I should have protected it when I had the chance.  No one to kick but myself...	2
Mysstem crashes aftwer sleepp. I use 1.0.1 enabler. I use appletalk and  filesharing. I have and ExpressModem.  -Lowell	1
A friend of mine has problems running Spigot LC on an LC III. His configuration is:  Spigot LC / LC III, System 7.1 Video Spigot Extension 1.0  I would appriciate if I can get any postitive/negative experience with this setup.   Thanks,	1
I think all Powerbooks use the same 2 Meg upgrade, but the 4 Meg and 6 Meg upgrades are different for the PB100 than for the other PBs.	1
I do read Av Week and don't remember this. Could you supply the date of the magazine? As for C-17 vs. C-5 , the C-17 can't carry as much but has more capability ( read : can land at smaller airfields of which there are more of ) than the C-5. Now is the C-17 pork? It depends on whether your job relies on it or not. :) In California right now, I would say that it is not pork since due to peace dividend so many  people are out of work.    Huh? Shouldn't that read "The question is whether a social-..	3
Hi people..  OK heres my problem....  I keep hearing about these little credit card type of things which detect IR light....  I believe that you have to 'charge them up' under normal (visible) light and then if they are exposed to IR light they glow or something like that...  I think that they are avaliable in the states and even in England, but alas I live in Australia. Could someone please inform me if I can get these things over here, and if so where??? and how much???  Also are they really c..	2
-  I would like to be able to detect the angular position (low accuracy) of an IR emitting source at a distance of about 100 meters (more is better) in daylight. The IR source could be emitting a signature; I'm leaning toward 30 KHz square wave with 50% duty cycle.  I am considering the use of a quadrant detector from Centronic Inc. to give information to a pan/tilt head to point the sensor and thus determine the angles. For the source I am considering wazing the heck out of an IR LED(s), possib..	2
You don't have to. *It* believes in YOU.      Well, looking at our new government pals, I'm inclined to  agree. I don't much believe in our money, either. :)      Oh, ho HO! If only you knew! :)   Yup, I'm DEFINITELY checking out foreign currency, thanks to  to this newsgroup. It sure doesn't take much thinking to realize  what direction the U.S. is headed.	3
Aaahh... a problem very near and dear to my heart. In our case, other monitors cause this problem - the deflection coil of other monitors to be specific. Have also seen a monitor backed up to a fuse panel exhibit this problem. This sounds like your problem since flourescent lites, motors, etc several 10s of feet away seem to me to be too far to cause it, but the juice running to them must pass nearby your monitor. Fusebox on other side of wall maybe? We started spec'ing Panasonic CT-1331Y video ..	2
william@fractl.tn.cornell.edu said in response to Dave Borden:   William: If the reason that this country still stands after 200+ years is that it uses military conscription to force young men to fight for causes that they don't believe in strongly enough to volunteer for military service in support of, then perhaps the fact that the country is still standing is not good news...	3
: Is there a fix for this? We have a Quadra 900 that will NOT finish startup : unless there is a monitor connected. This would be no problem, but since : we're running it as a file server, there is no need to have a monitor : connected all the time.  I've seen a control panel made for this. I don't remember the name, where I saw it, or on what Quadra models it will work. But I do know it exists :)  /Mats	1
How many NuBus slots do you have?  Applied Engineering has something called the QuadraLink, which is a card with 4 serial ports that you get at through the comms toolbox (in addition to the built-in ones) It also comes with software for fooling applications to open an AE port when they think they open a built-in port.  They also have a more expensive card with DMA (better performance) and I _think_ they, or someone else, have a card that handles 8 ports simultaneously.  As I said, with NuBus, yo..	1
Hello net. I have a 386sx motherboard with the Phoenix BIOS, an on-board IDE controller port, and two on-board serial ports. Unfortunately, I don't have a manual for this beast and I would like to be able to disable the IDE controller in order to use the MFM controller I have. The board says it is made in Korea and it uses the Chips Chipset. If anyone can give me a clue as to how to go about configuring the board so as not to use the IDE controller, or how to go about finding out how to do it, t..	2
Hello,  Can anybody help me with the conversion of pic format files to HPGL files. The question is as follows:  Is it possible to convert files that have been generated in the pic preprocessor format into HPGL format, suitable for sending to a plotter. The hardware involved is IBM RISC/6000 running AIX 3.2.3. How should this be done and what software is involved, where is it available, what does it cost, what are the problems?  Regards,  Dani  - Cimad Consultants Antwerp, Belgium dani@cimad.be	0
Hi,  would someone please email the new AVI file  format. I'm sure that many people would  like to know what it is exactly.  Thank you   Mark Gregory Lecturer m.gregory@rmit.edu.au PH(03)6603243 FAX(03)6621060 Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, Department of Communication and Electronic Engineering, P.O. Box 2476V, Melbourne, Victoria, 3001. AUSTRALIA.	0
Not even in sub panels! The only place the neutral should be connected to the ground is in a SERVICE DISCONNECT! In your house the "main" panel serves as the service disconnect. Sub panles in your garage or workshop for example must maintain seperate neutral and ground busses because they are not service disconnect equipment.	2
I would like to be able to amplify a voltage signal which is output from a thermocouple, preferably by a factor of 100 or 1000 - so that the resulting voltage can be fed more easily into a personal-computer-based ADC data acquisition card.  Might anyone be able to point me to references to such circuits? I have seen simple amplifier circuits before, but I am not sure how well they work in practice.  In this case, I'd like something which will amplify sufficiently "nicely" to be used for thermoco..	2
Hi! Everyone,  Since some people quickly solved the problem of determining a sphere from 4 points, I suddenly recalled a problem which is how to find the ellipse from its offset. For example, given 5 points on the offset, can you find the original ellipse analytically?  I spent two months solving this problem by using analytical method last year, but I failed. Under the pressure, I had to use other method - nonlinear programming technique to deal with this problem approximately.  Any ideas will ..	0
I am looking for any information about the Sigma Designs  double up board. All I can figure out is that it is a  hardware compression board that works with AutoDoubler, but  I am not sure about this. Also how much would one cost?	1
I recently purchased a Centris 610 and am having difficulty getting my computer to recognize my hard disk drive (external) Using both the disk uitily of TMS (Diskwriter) and Jasmine's software, neither one will show the drive. The drive is the only device connected to the  scuzzi port. I cant find the manual to the tms pro 120 and seem to remember that it is "terminated". Is there something else that I am doing (or not doing) that does not allow my 610 to recognize my external disk drive?.  than..	1
I've been given the sites of some excellent 3D objects on all sorts of file formats ... Here's where they are:   Host plaza.aarnet.edu.au   Location: /graphics/graphics/mirrors  DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x 512 Apr 4 14:32 avalon.chinalake.navy.mil  Host compute1.cc.ncsu.edu   Location: /mirrors/wustl/graphics/graphics/mirrors  DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x 512 Mar 14 09:15 avalon.chinalake.navy.mil  Host wuarchive.wustl.edu   Location: /graphics/graphics/mirrors  DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x 512 Jan 3 06:29 avalon.chin..	0
I am trying to configure Zsoft's PC Paintbrush IV+ for use with my Logitech Scanman 32 (hand scanner), but I can't get Paintbrush to acknowledge the scanner. Is there anybody out there using Paintbrush with a scanner, if so, can you help me out?  Thanks Luis Nobrega	0
*Teddy O'Neill-Creature with furry Hobbit feet from Bath UK*, a sentimental fool, posts:    With the force of a world-wide youth movement, it ought to  be possible to establish a coordinated global program to  accomplish the strategic goal of completely eliminating the  internal combustion engine over, say, a twenty year period.  Evidently there are no open questions, either scientific or about how people prefer to live.	3
I've got the same problem; I can't dig up any info on the jumper settings on the hd 3.5" drives.  Can anyone recommend a reference book(s) on the subject, rather than a "quick fix" type answer?? I was going to start hooking up things and logging the results, but the prospect of a ten second smoke test deters me...  Thanks, Kirk Cowen.	2
There was a news article a little while ago reporting a type of car (was it a Volvo?) was found to stall if you used a certain brand/model of cellular phone in it. I seem to remember the car was recalled to fix the problem.	2
I am so tired about all this debate on how many gays there are! Such arguments are basically worthless, imho. Would it  really matter if it were millions of people who are regularly denied access to housing, employment, and personal security or even only one?   As for death threats, I happen to know from personal experience that gay people are far more likely to receive them based on political veiws or even personal philosophies related to the issue of sexual orientation than are heterosex uals...	3
While there may not be a part number for the CD300i drive, I have seen a part number for the bezel kit (a new front panel with the slot in it through which you insert the CD). The document (which I got from the 2/10/93 announcement at our Apple office) states the drive kit and bezel kits are separate items and the bezel kit has an SRP of $149 fro the C650. The external unit may be a better deal after all.	1
You can get a *little* UV by putting a heavy UV filter (deep purple) in front of an ordinary flashlight bulb (the brightest you can get). My father used a setup like this in law enforcement work circa 1964.  Good UV ("blacklight") bulbs work like fluorescent bulbs. I'd proceed by getting a cheap battery-powered _fluorescent_ light, then going to an electrical supply house and finding a UV bulb that would fit it.	2
Hello, is there anybody in there? You think you have to pay for this idiot's problem now, who's going to pay for the ballooning number of addicts and  all of the associated problems with them. I don't even want to think about it with Hillary in the White House and an administration that "feels our pain".  No harm but to himself? What about when he drives his school bus full of kids into a train. When he gets stoned and drives up on a sidewalk and kills 5 people. When he lives off me on Welfare f..	3
No problems.	1
I have got a dot matrix printer that came with a Lisa (I think) I wish to attach it to a PC, but have no manual. I have been told that it is some sort of C.Itoh printer in disguise. Can anyone help with manuals or info about codes to send to select fonts, italics etc. I want to write a printer driver for Protext.  Thanks in advance  Stuart	1
Hi all!  Quick question. Could someone please send me a pinout of the cable that goes between a NeXT cube and the monitor? Also, I am interested in the video signal (sync type, horz/vert rate) so any information on that would be greatly appreciated also.	2
I believe that E-Machines might produce something of this nature.	1
I have to increase the memory in a Plus or SE (I'm not sure which since I haven't seen it yet). I did this a few years ago but I no longer have the instructions. I forget which resistor needs to be cut to go from 1 to 4 Mbs.	1
This algorithm works well for me:  Algorithm to attempt to find outward-facing normals: - First, mark all faces as UNKNOWN.  Then create an edge dictionary that allows you to find all of the faces sharing a given edge (where an edge is two integers representing the two shared vertices).  Pick an arbitrary face and mark it COUNTER_CLOCKWISE. Using the edge dictionary, orient all surrounding faces based on the orientation of this face. And recurse for all surrounding faces, consistently orienting ..	0
Visual Numerics Inc. (formerly IMSL and Precision Visuals) is in the process of securing sites for beta testing X Exponent Graphics 1.0  and C Exponent Graphics 2.0. (Both X Exponent Graphics and C Exponent Graphics are 3GL products). The beta period is from April 26 through  June 18. The platform is HP9000/700 running under OS 8.07 with  ansi C 8.71 compiler. The media will be sent on 4mm DAT cartridge  tape. Here are some of the key facts about the two products.   X Exponent Graphics 1.0 key f..	0
The CD300 (external) is already shipping and has been shipping for quite awhile  now. Demand for the units are high, so they are pretty rare. I've seen them  listed for around $525-550 at local computer stores and the campus Mac  reseller. I've also heard rumors that they are bundled with a couple of CD's,  but I can't confirm it.	1
:  : > : >> In article <1ptolq$p7e@werple.apana.org.au> petert@zikzak.apana.org.au (Peter : >> > : >> >Just a thought of mine here: : >> >Since an on-hook line is aprox 48-50V, and off-hook it usually drops below 1 : >> >How about an LED in series with a zener say around 30V. : >> >On-hook = LED on : >> >Off-hook = LED off. : >> >Would this work? If anyone tries/tried it, please let me know. : >> : >> Aye, there's the rub - if you draw enough current to light an LED, the : >> equipment at the ph..	2
:  : >Similarly, people usually use dB for dBm. Another common mistake is spelling : >``db'' instead of ``dB'' as you did in your article. See the ``B'' is for  : >``Bell'' company, the mother of AT&T and should be capitalized. :  : Thus, a deciBell (deci-, l., tenth of + Bell) is a fractional part of the  : original Bell. For example, SouthWestern Bell is a deciBell.  Out of what hat did you pull this one? dB is a ratio not an RBOC!   : And the measure of current, Amp, is actually named after b..	2
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary  (Pittsburgh, Pennslyvania) _ For Immediate Release April 17, 1993      RADIO ADDRESS TO THE NATION   BY THE PRESIDENT    Pittsburgh International Airport  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania     10:06 A.M. EDT      THE PRESIDENT: Good morning. My voice is coming to you this morning through the facilities of the oldest radio station in America, KDKA in Pittsburgh. I'm visiting the city to meet personally with citizens here to discuss my plans for jobs, health..	3
I recently bought an apparantly complete Expansion Chassis by Mountain Computer Inc. It consists of a box with 8 Apple ][+ compatible slots, powersupply brick, interface card and ribbon cable to attach it to the computer to be expanded. There was also included a small card with empty sockets on top and pins on the bottom that looks like it would plug into the ][+ motherboard somewhere after pulling a chip. There's an empty socket also on the interface card and a short 16-pin DIP jumper like the ..	2
Well, it's not an FTP site, but I got an 800 number for Signetics BBS.  The Signetics BBS contain some pretty good items for the 8051. I am currently using the following files which I downloaded from them:   ml-asm51.zip MetaLink's 8051 family macro assembler  bootstrp.zip Hex file Load-and-Go using 8051 uart  (allows you to download your program into a RAM  and then execute from RAM. Works great. Tell  me if you want more details).  tutor51.zip TSR for 8051 feature help screens   They have lots..	2
There was a very useful article in one of the 1989 issues of Transactions On Graphics. I believe Maureen Stone was one of the authors. Sorry not to be more specific. I don't have the reference here with me.  The article actually was more general than this, giving a way to decide whether a given (cubic) Bezier curve contains cusps, intersection points or whatever wierdness. The same treatment is also available in SIGGRAPH 89 course notes for the course called "Math for Siggraph" or something like..	0
I have two 4 meg SIMMS that I am trying to sell. I had them in my LC. I would like to get $100 for each one. They are only three months old and have a lifetime warrenty. They are 80ns simms. I will also consider other reasonable offers. Please E-Mail me.  Dave	1
You didn't mention whether or not cost is an issue. Where exactly are you running 100MHz?? THe digital side? TTL? ECL? We run 200MHz and 100MHz all over our IC test equipment  all day long in the ECL domain, and we use DIP's along with PLCC's, 25mil and 20mil pitch 256pin QFP's to name a few. I don't see a problem in packaging as long as you adhere to sound engineering practices.   A good source of information is Motorola's MECL System Design Handbook. The latest ed. is dated 2/88. That is consi..	2
Yes. That is exactly what it means. The LC family of Macs can only use PDS cards. They are not able to use NuBus.	1
For better worse, the source on this on is Michael Barnsley. His article in The Science of Fractal Images (Peitgen et al) is a fair-to-middling intro. Barnsley's book Fractals Everywhere is a more thorough treatment. The book covers Iterated Function Systems in general, and their application to image compression is clear from the text.	0
Apple has patented their implementation of regions, which presumably includes the internal data structure (which has never been officially documented by Apple). Apple cannot patent the concept of a region.  I'm guessing that either NuTek reverse-engineered Apple's internal data structure for regions (I dunno if this would hold up in court), or they came up with their own data structure. If it's the latter, then they won't be able to draw PICT files containing regions. Besides PICT files, there a..	1
Not at all. I am not a member of the Religious Left, Right, or even Center. In fact I don't consider myself very religious at all [ this will probably result in flames now :) ]. In fact Phil, you should leave religion out of it. It just clouds the issue.     How typical. So you think we shouldn't avoid these 'events' [ I shall refrain from the word disaster since it seems to upset you so much. :( ] when we can. In case you didn't realize it, the natural disasters [ oops, sorry events ] you are r..	3
I'd be happy to US (international) Snail mail technical information on imaging databases to anyone who needs it, if you can provide me with your address for hard copy (not Email). We're focusing mostly on Open PACE, Oracle, Ingres, Adabas, Sybase, and Gupta, regarding our imaging databases installed. (We have over 1,000 installed and in production now; most of the new ones going in are on Novell LANs, the RS/6000, and now HP Unix workstations.) We work with Visual Basic too.	0
I'd like any accumulated information on this as well please.    Thanks.   _   _ |  | | | |  = | Baden de Bari |  | o o | | |  | ^ | | baden@sys6626.bison.ca |  | {-} | | baden@inqmind.bison.ca |  \_/ | |	2
Yes, you could.   Well, letsee (whipping out HP-48SX, soon to be GX): 6 inches/3*10^8 m/s=.5 nanoseconds resolution. Hmm. That'll be rather difficult!  The more standard (read: better) method is to use ultrasound, generally somewhere around 40kHz. Sound travels a heck of a lot slower than light (radio waves), and is therefore much easier to deal with.   It might be easiest to visit a hardware store and look at the numerous "sonic estimator" type devices that do what you want here. Many are prett..	2
Really? What if it said "lentil eating" or "legume eating",  what then?   And I suppose "Accept 10" is anti-Octal bigotry?  Geez, how PC can you get!?   Uncle Fester	3
[ Article crossposted from comp.sys.hp ] [ Author was Gordon Lang ] [ Posted on 5 Apr 1993 23:25:27 GMT ]  [ Article crossposted from comp.sys.ibm.pc.hardware ] [ Author was Gordon Lang ] [ Posted on 5 Apr 1993 23:19:01 GMT ]  I need a device (either an ISA board or a subsystem) which will take two RGB video signals and combine them according to a template. The template can be as simple as a rectangular window with signal one being used for the interior and signal two for the exterior. But I bel..	1
If the heading is true, Mr. Frank should be ashamed of himself.  Nothing makes me gag more than people who don't respect the rights of others to voice their opinions. My idol Lenny Bruce once commented about "that asshole Time Magazine" when they advocated censorship of his material. Time actually sided with the cops' and their arresting of Bruce at his shows, whereby he routinely would say "cocksucker", then the cops would rush the stage to arrest him. My, how the times haven't changed...  I ca..	3
I believe that the "A-D converters" found on a joystick port are really timers that tick off how long it takes an R-C circuit (the R being your paddle) to charge up to something like 1/2 Vcc. For games this works pretty well, but you certainly wouldn't want to try to take lab measurements off something as non-linear as that.  Hmm... I suppose you could linearize it in software, but the real problem is that the precision of your measurement is no longer constant (higher voltages would be more pre..	2
There are 2 books published by M&T BOOKS that come with C source code on floppies. They are:  Programming In 3 Dimensions, 3-D Graphics, Ray Traycing, and Animation by: Christopher D. Watkins and Larry Sharp.  Photorealism and Ray Tracing in C by: Christopher D. Watkins, Stephen B. Coy, and Mark Finlay.  I have the first book and it is a great intro to 3-D, Ray Tracing and Animation. Most of the programs are on the disk compiled and ready to run.  I have only glanced at the second book but it al..	0
Ack! Sorry for the repeat posts: I thought I was posting to the newsgroup on which this appeared. Couldn't figure out why it wasn't appearing in my newsgroup. Stupid of me. Slap my hands. Bang my head against the wall. Sorry! Bloody public anouncements...mumble mumble mumble... = David Matthew Deane (deane@binah.cc.brandeis.edu)	3
Hello all.  I am thinking about buying an external monitor for my SE/30 and was wondering if anyone out in netland has any advice for me.  I am mostly thinking about a 14" color monitor and an 8 bit card that can switch between 640*480 and something higher (like 800*600). I read an old report on a card from Lapis that could do this, but could not use the external monitor as the main screen (with menubar) which to me is a major draw- back. Has this perhaps been fixed? Or can any other cards do th..	1
I had asked everyone about problems installing a 4 meg simm and an 8 meg simm in my Centris 610, but the folks at the local Apple store called the folks in Cupertino and found that you can't have simms of different speeds in one machine, even if they are both fast enough - ie - My 80 ns 8 meg and 60ns 4 meg simms were incompatibable... Just thought people might want to know.....      Jason.	1
The best info I have seen so far is the article "Joystick Metrics: Measuring physical properties through the PC's joystick port" by Michael Covington in the May 1985 issue of PC Tech Journal. It talks about how to read all kinds of things (voltage, current, resistance) in BASIC, and even includes code for a simple "oscilloscope" display.  It's possible to read the joystick port directly if you don't want to use BASIC. The detailed information for this is in the PC Technical Reference under Optio..	2
: Well, :  : 42 is 101010 binary, and who would forget that its the : answer to the Question of "Life, the Universe, and Everything else." : That is to quote Douglas Adams in a round about way. :  : Of course the Question has not yet been discovered... ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ But it WAS discovered (sort of). The question was "What is 7 times 8?" When Arthur Dent objected that this was, unfortunately, factually inaccurate, the effort to discover the question was b..	0
I have an HP 1815 TDR plug-in for an HP180 series scope or mainframe that I'm never going to use (no scope any more). If you're interested in it, please let me know. Price? Probably real cheap.  This notice may have appeared once before. I posted, and it never showed up on our local server...  -  -  Dave Medin   Phone: (205) 730-3169 (w)  SSD-Networking    (205) 837-1174 (h)  Intergraph Corp.  M/S GD3004   Internet: dtmedin@catbyte.b30.ingr.com  Huntsville, AL 35894  UUCP: ...uunet!ingr!b30!catb..	2
Check out the May issue of MacWorld; the new servers are on the cover. Should be at your favorite newstand.	1
Check with Kyocera America, Inc.  24 Prime Park Way, Suite 150  Natick, MA 01760  They are one of the largest manufacturers of IC packaging in the world.  It sounds like you would be a good candidate for wafer probing or at least IC probing to test performance. HP, Cascade Microtech and Tektronix should be able to help you here. One note, testing at high frequency accurately can be an *expensive* business.	2
Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't this irrelevant?  Either the data shows something, or it doesn't. Regardless of what other studies show.  Admit it. What you SHOWED to us doesn't prove that gay men are more likely to be molesters.  Brian	3
I guess 100k, connecting pins 1-3 (1x), 1-6 (1y), 9-11 (2x), and 9-13 (2y).  Or: Get an 8-bit DA-Converter (merely a couple of transistors and Resistors) and an OpAmp to compare its output to the voltage you want to measure, connect them to a spared printer port (if you have one), and do the rest by software (stepwise refinement). The port addresses for your printer ports are probably: &H378 (LPT1), &H278 (LPT2). This should work well enough for your purposes.  Hope this helps  - GMD, Schloss Bi..	2
A shareware graphics program called Pman has a filter that makes a picture look like a hand drawing. This picture could probably be converted into vector format much easier because it is all lines. (With Corel Trace, etc..)	0
It seems radio reports were overly optimistic. All Clinton wants to cut is $2.5 Billion for community block grants, keeping in summer jobs.   Hmmm, well, looks like we need to keep up the pressure on our congresspersons.	3
>>The info I am about to give is not a rumour, it's the truth. The new  >>macintosh coming in the second quarter, will have a cpu of their own.    ]Excuse me but... have not all Macs got a CPU!!!   ]Alain  Alain: Get your facts straight before you post something like this. The Duo Dock does not have a CPU of its own. It is a docking station with  ports connecting various components, including the portable PowerBook with its own CPU. I guess these rumored new Duo Docks have a built-in CPU to perf..	1
Off the top of my head, I might try:  Given: p_1, p_2, p_3, p_4  Find: p_c (center of sphere determined by p_1, ..., p_4),   dist(p_c, p_i) (radius)  p_c is the same distance from our four points, so dist(p_c,p_1) = dist(p_c,p_2) = dist(p_c,p_3) = dist(p_c,p_4)   Of course, we can square the whole thing to get rid of square roots: distsq(p_c,p_1) = distsq(p_c,p_2) = distsq(p_c,p_3) = distsq(p_c,p_4)   Plug in the variables into the distance formula, simplify, and the  x^2_c, y^2_c, and z^2_c ter..	0
: I've been trying to view .tga files created in POVRAY. I have the Diamond : SpeedStar 24 Video board (not the _24X_). So far I can convert them to : jpeg using cjpeg and view them with CVIEW but that only displays 8 bit color. .. : Just want to see the darn things in real color...  I have an ATI ultra pro card, and have found that the easiest way to view true color images is using their windows drivers and something like winjpeg or photofinish.   If anyone has a non-windows solution, I'd love ..	0
OK, I've asked this before, and with a new thread on these lines, I ask this again:  1: If a large hole current is run thru a resistor, will there be  I^2 * R cooling instead of heating?  2: Can anyone design an amplifier that preferentially amplifies  hole currents over normal electron currents?  3: what semiconductor materials have the highest ratio of  hole mobility to electron mobility? (please quote actual  test samples rather than estimates based on theory. Also,  don't be limited to semic..	2
Hey all:  I just moved to NYC and wondered if there are any electronics hackers out there who could point me to places in NYC that sell individual electronic components (switches, pots, transformers, caps, transistors, etc.) "Radio Shack" doesn't count (they have almost no selection, and their prices are outrageous!)  I have particular interest in audio components (amplifier IC's, power MOSFETS, output transformers, tubes and tube sockets, pan pots, faders, etc.)  I have checked out a lot of 48t..	2
I would really like to get one of the new CD300i CDROM drives for my c650, but my local Apple doesn't know  when they will be available. He doesn't even have a part number yet. Does anyone know what the part number  for this drive is and when it will be available?  My Apple dealer suggested I buy one of the CD300 external drives, but I don't want to pay extra for a case/power supply I'm not going to use.	1
Dial 511 and it sound tell you the number.	2
What you need is a hardware router such as EtherRoute/TCP made by Compatable Systems ($1400). This will allow you to connect your Localtalk network (4 Macs) to your Ethernet network (NeXT and Ethernet Mac). It will route TCP/IP protocol between the two networks. Software routers are also available for less money, but I'm not sure if they work with TCP/IP.	1
Read Issue #2 of Wired Magazine. It has a long article on the "hype" of 3DO. I've noticed that every article talks with the designers and how "great" it is, but never show any pictures of the output (or at least pictures that one can understand)	0
: >>My friend recently purchased a LC III and he wants to know if there is : >>such a demon called NuBus adapter for his PDS slot?   : > The LC family of Macs can only : > use PDS cards. They are not able to use NuBus.  : Ah, but why? Can some technically-hip Macslinger tell us what the : difference is between PDS and Nubus?   : Is it impossible to make a gadget that plugs into PDS and ends in a : Nubus card cage? At least, Marvin's friend has not been able to : locate one and neither have I. Wh..	1
The little blue roller on the trackball interior is probably rubbing against its support, just push it down the pin so that it no longer touches it. I had a similar problem.	1
I used this combination for a while - A QCR-Z recorder, I think - and as far as I remember Corel can EXPORT in SCODAL (.scd) format. Just select 'EXPORT' on the main file menu. This may not be implemented in earlier versions, of course, in which case you're on your own!!!  Also, I seem to think that the s/w for the QCR-Z (at the time) did strange (and very undesirable) things if ANY part of the pic was outside the screen area on Corel. I once spent an afternoon painfully discovering that ONE pix..	0
I have a Bel-966. I just looked at the manual yesterday... and it does indeed claim to be undetectable by RDD's.	2
The real question here in my opinion is what Motorola processors running system 7 on a MAC are comparable to what Intel processors running Windows on a PC? I recall there being a conversation here that a 486/25 running Windows benchmarks at about the same speed as 25Mhz 030 in system 7. I don't know if that is true, but I would love to hear if anyone has any technical data on this.  -David	1
Now there's a good idea ! All you need is 20 amps DC for a few minutes, and a good (wetware) memory (was I using wp or autocad or ...). I thought of the same idea myself a few days ago. I've got a fairly new car battery that I take along in my 4x4 when I go camping, and it sits around useless when I'm home. I wish I could get a batteryless ups to use it with, or use it with a heavy duty 5-volt regulator to supply the PC. But I guess you'd need -5v and -12v  (and +12) too (2 more batteries ?).  A..	2
See the article "An Efficient Ray-Polygon Intersection," p. 390 in Graphics Gems (ISBN 0-12-286165-5). The second step, intersecting the polygon, does what you want. There is sample code in the book.         spl	0
See:  Maureen Stone and Tony DeRose,  "A Geometric Characterization of Parametric Cubic Curves",  ACM TOG, vol 8, no 3, July 1989, pp. 147-163. _  ...Ron Capelli IBM Corp. Dept. C13, MS. P230  capelli@vnet.ibm.com PO Box 950  (914) 435-1673 Poughkeepsie, NY 12602 _	0
Yes.   I don't know where Douglas Adams took it from, but I'm pretty sure he's the one who launched it (in the Guide). Since then it's been showing up  all over the place.	0
the Q700 will only do 8bit or 24bit color. if you want the higher color depth, it's 2MB's of VRAM altogether for a monitor up to 16".  for a 21" monitor, you can get 8bit max.  hope this answers your questions.	1
One thing to consider is time division multiplexing the EMG channels to reduce the number of RF carriers you have to generate. If you multiplexed the EMG inputs at 10KHz, that would probably be sufficient for most physiology studies (you'd have _ 330 Hz per channel sampling rate.) That level of analog multiplexing should be rather easy to accomplish.  Combining a lot of RF carriers is pretty tricky to do without generating intermodulation. A system to be carried by a runner is in a fairly harsh ..	2
You might - except that gay men are MUCH more promiscuous than straight men - which shows how damaged and screwed up gay men are.	3
$50 each!! Don't bother trying to make one yourself, just shop around a little. I've found DOD brand DI boxes for as cheap as $20 each. You can  get higher end ones for more, but for PA use for bands, I wouldn't bother. Making one yourself might work, but getting a sturdy enough enclosure might be hard (they're made of heavy guage metal, since they're always on the floor, being kicked around a lot). For any additional questions on this topic, you  might want to post to rec.audio.pro       Lukas ..	2
1. Can low Voltage lights be controlled with an X10 module by putting it  before the transformer? It seems to work, even the dimmer works. Not very  reliable. Will it damage the module? Can it be done reliably?  2. I put a motion switch (Heath) to a low voltage light, it worked but now it is broken, too much current? How can I get arround that?    3. How can I increase the intensity of a light using the X10 PC computer interface without having it go 100% on first and then down. I am doing my own..	2
Thus, a deciBell (deci-, l., tenth of + Bell) is a fractional part of the  original Bell. For example, SouthWestern Bell is a deciBell.  And the measure of current, Amp, is actually named after both the AMP company and the Amphenol company. Both companies revolutionized electronics by simulatenously realizing that the performance of connectors and sockets  were affected by the amount of current running through the wires.  The Ohmite company was the first to characterize resistances by numbers, t..	2
I think one (not ideal) solution is to use the tracing utility (can't remember the name, sorry!) included in the Corel Draw s/w pack. It can convert bitmaps to Corel art format. These can then be imported into a drawing rather than the bitmap. Result - the file is completely in Corel format and can be SCODAL'ed no problem!  BUT the slight problem with this, which makes the solution less than idea, is that the trace utility spits out many more points than are necessary to define the shapes being ..	0
Top Ten Ways Slick Willie Could Improve His Standing With Americans    10. Institute a national sales tax to pay for the socialization of  America's health care resources.  9. Declare war on Serbia. Reenact the draft.  8. Stimulate the economy with massive income transfers to Democtratic  constituencies.  7. Appoint an unrepetent socialist like Mario Cuomo to the Suprmeme Court.  6. Focus like a laser beam on gays in the military.  5. Put Hillary in charge of the Ministry of Truth and move Steph..	3
Hi,  I have a friend who is working on 2-d and 3-d object recognition. He is looking for references describing algorithms on the following subject areas:  Thresholding Edge Segmentation Marr-Hildreth Sobel Operator Chain Codes Thinning - Skeletonising  If anybody is willing to post an algorithm that they have implemented which demonstrates any of the above topics, it would be much appreciated.  Please post all replies to my e-mail address. If requested I will post a summary to the newsgroup in a..	0
Unfortunately, there's not much we can learn from the statistics presented here either. Due to rounding, the 1991 est. for LSD could be anywhere from .550 to .649 and the 1992 est. could be anywhere from .850 to .949. This means that the actual change (if you believe these statistics in the first place) was anywhere from 31% to 73%. Similarly the increase in cocaine use could be anywhere from 18% to 66% and the increase of crack use could be anywhere from 29% to 120%. This doesn't even take into..	3
The PowerBook 170 hardware doesn't have a wakeup timer. Nor does the 140. The Mac Portable had one, and I think the PowerBook 100 had one. I don't know about the newer PowerBooks, but I kind of doubt it. I got bit by this too, and it took my a while rooting around on the developer CD before I found this out.	1
I guess your strength isn't in math. Clinton hasn't been president for 6 months. In other words, it's BUSH'S Wiretapping Initiative. Have you?  - "Who said anything about panicking?" snapped Authur. Garrett Johnson "This is still just culture shock. You wait till I've Garrett@Ingres.com settled into the situation and found my bearings. THEN I'll start panicking!" - Douglas Adams	3
With relays alone, you will always get a transient when you abruptly turn ON or OFF any channel. If you don't want to hear the transient, use some other device (a photoresistor-output optoisolator is the usual sort of thing) to gently MUTE the signal, then switch, THEN remove the power from the lamp in the optoisolator.   It used to be standard practice to employ photoresistors in switching audio, because the photoresistor time delay (a few thousandths of a second) kept any noise in the digital ..	2
Hello,	0
1) So what?  2) It will be interesting to see the reaction when 2.5million queers  gather in Washington DC. After all if there are only 6million of  us then this is an event unprecidented in history...   Don't forget that 25% had 20 or more partners....   And what did this study show for number of sexual contacts for those who said they where homosexual? Or is that number to inconvient for you....   Fuck off	3
The real problem w/ the Stealth from what I've heard is that Diamond won't tell anyone how to program their proprietary clock stuff, so X under Linux and 386BSD won't run....	0
I just recently bought a 4 MB ram card for my original mac portable  (backlit) and have since had some bizarre crashes. It happens when I put  the machine to sleep and wake the machine up. sometimes it will just  freeze the cursor and lock the machine up forcing me to push the reset  switch. Other times it will give me the usual bomb box with the error  message of "Co processor not installed".   I know one solution is NOT to put the machine to sleep, but does anyone  have any ideas on what could..	1
Could someone explain the difference between Tom Gaskins' two books:   o PEXLIB Programming Manual  o PHIGS Programming Manual  Why would I want to buy one book vs the other book? I have an 80386 running SCO UNIX (X11R4) on my desktop, a SUN IV/360 in my lab, and  access to a variety of other systems (Alliant FX/2800, Cray Y/MP) on the network. Mostly, we would like to do 3D modeling/visualization of rat, rabbit, monkey, and human brain structure.  Thanks, AJ  - Alexander-James Annala Principal ..	0
Would you please define "nth derivative of debt"? Last time I asked you seem to have disappeared....   And it's the deficits themselves that came down to 2.9% of GNP. The numbers are posted in the previous posting.    Cute, Paul, but with no numbers you still look foolish.    Paul, like many others, is confusing the deficit with the debt.    Not in terms of GNP, the one universally accepted measure of deficits (at least among rigorous economists :)  ...   Semantics. Lindsey proves otherwise. Tax..	3
That's closer, but I dislike "apps". "software" (vs. "hardware") would be better. Would that engulf alt.graphics.pixutils? Or would that be "programmer"?  I don't know if traffic is really heavy enough to warrant a newsgroup split. Look how busy comp.graphics.research is (not).  It's true that a lot of the traffic here is rehashing FAQs and discussing things that would probably be better diverted to system-specific groups, but I don't know whether a split would help or hurt that cause.  Maybe we..	0
And I was pointing out that legal precedent defines a human being as referring only to the born, so your suggestion was incorrect.   There is a confusion here about what "bodily resources" constitutes. Blood transfusions and organ donations involve bodily resources; your examples do not.	3
The Selective Service Registration should be abolished. To start with, the draft is immoral. Whether you agree with that or not, we don't have one now, and military experts agree that the quality of the armed forces is superior with a volunteer army than with draftees. Finally, the government has us on many lists in many computers (the IRS, Social Security Admistration and Motor Vehicle Registries to name a few) and it can find us if it needs to. Maintaining yet another list of people is an utte..	3
I have the same problem and was about to post this....  Hello duo owners (and Apple technical people :-)   I have a new duo 230 which appears to have a problem waking up from sleep when running on battery power. When woken (usually for the second time) after sleeping, the wake fails and the screen appears with a corrupted image of broken horizontal lines and control can only be recovered with control-command-poweron or the reset key at the back of the machine. The problem occurs even when the sy..	1
Hello, I know that this has been discussed before. But at the time I didn't need to teselate a sphere. So if any kind soul has the code or the alg, that was finally decided upon as the best (as I recall it was a nice, iterative subdivision meathod), I would be very  appreciative.        Thomas DeWeese deweeset@rdrc.rpi.edu	0
actually, teh D means the registered driver has diplomatic immunity. That means they can do as they damn well please on the roads, and you have only God as your protection.   The state Department Issues Saa-XXX plates for personnel who work at the embassies but haven't been granted immunity. Most embassies have restricted parking for embassy personell street side.   The S plates allow them to use those parking areas as well as the restricted lots at National and State dept, without a lot of crap..	3
try comp.dcom - I was reading a thread a while back about an 800 number that you could dial. worked here. It was a sales line for sprint I think telling you that you could have all your customers numbers using there ANI, then it told you your number. Should work with any modern switch.  mycal	2
The newspaper itself is almost certainly copyrighted in its entirety. Newspapers generally employ legal staffs which make sure they get permission to use a copyrighted image or text. Did you do the same? -  -John	0
Help !! - I'm looking for a ISA driver card and driver software for a Logical Devices Husky programmer (It aint mush good without these) can anyone help with either of these items ? cheers Mike.	2
It should have been made fairly clear that the *most* Crimson would ever get was a 150 (75 old style) MHz CPU upgrade. Certainly this was mentioned on comp.sys.sgi on more than one occasion as being likely. If our sales folks were saying otherwise, they were either confused, or less than honest/ethical, or somebody further up the chain inside SGI was misleading them.   There were 4 versions (20, 25, 30, 35), although admittedly the 30 came out at the same time as the 35, over a period of 2 1/2 y..	0
Right. So all the cops will be buying antique muscle cars for chase cars; otherwise the *police* cars will die too!  -  | To get the attention of a large animal, be it an  | elephant or a bureaucracy, it helps to know what George Patterson - | part of it feels pain. Be very sure, though, that  | you want its full attention.  | Kelvin Throop	2
It's come to this, has it? Defending Al Gore by comparing him to Dan Quayle? I'd say that about says it all... back to the pit with ye, back to alt.fan. dan-quayle! Begone!  - - - - - - - - - - -   Paul Havemann (Internet: paul@hsh.com)	3
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary  (Vancouver, British Columbia) _ For Immediate Release April 4, 1993      PRESS CONFERENCE BY THE PRESIDENT  WITH RUSSIAN PRESS     Canada Place  Vancouver, British Columbia    2:46 P.M. PDT         Q  I had two questions for both Presidents, so you  could probably answer for Boris, too. (Laughter.)      THE PRESIDENT: I'll give you my answer, then I'll  give you Yeltsin's answer. (Laughter.)      Q  The first is that this is the meeting of the  Pr..	3
Hey All,  Does anyone know if I can ftp to get the newest version of Radiusware and soft pivot from Radius? I bought a pivot monitor, but it has an old version of this software and won't work on my C650, and Radius said it would be 4-5 weeks until delivery.  Thanks!	1
One of the commentators on one of the Big Three news programs  described the VAT (which ain't a sales tax) as a tax "government's love." I was even surprised he got the reason right: it effectively hides the majority of the tax the consumer has to pay *from* the consumer. It's kind of like they do with cars. You pay far more for automobile taxes than most people realize because it's contained in two dozen different taxes, everything from your license to your tires to your gasoline.	3
I also returned PB memory last summer for credit, and the sales person warned me not to use US mail. I did (although I did insure the shipment), and  apparently Techworks got it.  My minor grip with techworks is that they have different price lists for different people. I ordered DUO memory, thinking I got their "best" price because of my employeer. I subsequently found out that Apple was offering developers memory for less than techworks charged, called up to complain, and was told I should hav..	1
We've just been donated a large machine for use in our robotics lab. This device is complete with a 286 based controller, running the Intel RMX operating system.  Unfortunately, we don't have any documentation on RMX.  Can anybody out there in netland help?  Please reply via email; I don't regularly catch up with the news.  Thanks,  David Bull	2
The subject line says it all. I'm working on a project that will use a car battery. I need to pull off 3V and possibly 48V at 3A.  I have several ideas, but I'd prefer to benefit from all you brilliant people :-)	2
To:All  Hi,  Does anybody have the source code to the externel processes that comes with 3D  Studio, and mabe som kind of DOC for writing the processes your self.   /Lars  +++ Author: Lars_Jorgensen@p7.syntax.bbs.bad.se, Syntax BBS, Denmark	0
What kind of brainless clod doesn't understand the difference   between a "PROPOSED BILL, BLOCKED IN CONGRESS" and an "EXECUTIVE  ORDER, ISSUED BY CLINTON, AND CRAMMED DOWN OUR THROATS".     Here, let me give a remedial course in thinking:   In order to create the appearance of low interest rates, Uncle Sam  has shifted his debt from long-term to short-term securities.   In effect, Uncle Sam has transformed the Federal Goverment into  one giant S&L, waiting to blow.   Short-term rates rise -> In..	3
Hi:  Does anybody known how much about to buy an ethernet card for mac se ?  Besides,Where do I goto buy.If I buy it by mail-order,which brand is suitable for mac se(the network is coxial wire).Thanks a lot.  Could anybody tell me what to do? Thank you.	1
have you tried printing the data file (TIFF) from another application such  as freehand or PageMaker? I have found that Photoshop has occasional  problems printing files that I can print through other applications.  -GReg	1
There has been quite a bit of discussion about house wiring and grounding practices here. A few points need to be clarified:  The Equipment GROUNDING conductor, Green, green with a yellow stripe, bare, or the metal sheath or pipe of SOME wiring methods, is used as a safety ground, to carry fault currents back to the circuit breaker panel, and to limit the voltage on the metal case of utilization equipment or other metal objects. It should never (except for a few exceptions to be discussed later)..	2
OK, I don't use CView anymore, but I saw that no one had explaind this "bug" in the thread, so here goes:  It is NOT the fault of CView. It is DOS! If you leave a file open on a floppy drive, then change the disk and do something which updates or closes that file, you have a good chance of getting part of the directory and FAT from the other disk written to the new disk. This has always been true, and has destroyed data under other programs, not just CView.  The only thing CView can do to improv..	0
The immunization program is just a "useful first step". Among other  things, the money will go to pay for creating and maintaning a  a computerized "innoculation" database on all U.S. children.  (code-named Big Mother... Just kidding, the name will be Children  Defense Database, or something like that.)   Once the money is spent and little or no tangible results achieved,   the goverment will have to start knocking down doors, in some   neigborhoods, and bribe parents in others (probably the one..	3
In <1993Apr15.143320.8618@desire.wright.edu>, demon@desire.wright.edu sez:  There's this minor thing called "interest of finality/repose". What it means is that parties aren't dragged into court over and over again because the losing side "discovers" some "new" evidence. I don't know about you, Brett, but I suspect GM had the resources to find just about as many expert and fact witnesses as it wanted before the trial started. Letting them re-open the case now is practically an invitation to ever..	3
How do you spell "tuna helper" ?	2
Not quite. 66MHz Pentium - 65 SPECint92, 57 SPECfp92 .   66MHz MC98601 - 50 SPECint92, 80 SPECfp92 .  Note that SPECint is more important for most real world applications.   As far as the 486DX2-66 goes - 32 SPECint92, 16 SPECfp92 .    Intel chips have traditionally been faster than their Motorola "equivalents" although the significance of chip speed in real world application performance is something that is highly debatable.    -  Ravikumar Venkateswar rvenkate@uiuc.edu	1
the boot reboots  This problem is usually a low +5 Vdc from the power supply, there is an  adjustment for this on the supply. If the voltage is still unstable or low  then the culprit is probably a bad rectifier at CR20.	1
# ##For a while, homosexuals paid higher insurance rates than straights, # ##and with very good reason, until the government made it illegal to # ##do so. #  # Well if we go by this philosophy how many Children do you think # we help pay for with our insurance premiums??? Children who obviously # cannot be afforded, since the insurance companies have to pay for # all of the prenatal and birthing..... What about the children born # with horrible flaws who cost the system an arm and a leg to be ke..	3
I'm a mac user who wants to use some of the rayshade models I've built using macrayshade (rayshade-M) with Stratavision 3d. Since Stratavision can import many different model files I thought this would be a cinch... but I haven't been able to find a simple translator that will work on the mac. Any ideas?  Stratavision 3d should be able to import:  DXF MiniCAD Super 3d Swivel 3d professional  out of the box and:  RIB IGS  with externals.  Also, if anyone knows of any other translator externals av..	0
# ## # Gay men constitute at least 20% of all child molestations. Whether # ## # this is because gay molesters are unusually common, or have unusually # ## # high numbers of victims, sort of misses the point, doesn't it? It # ## # means that whichever is the case, homosexual men are remarkably # ## # hazardous to children. # # # # # #You are incorrect. The most recent survey data I can find shows that # #26% of molestation is exclusively homosexuals, 4% is bisexual (victims # #are both male and ..	3
I recently ftp'd Al's Circuit Simulator (ACS) and I'm looking for the tutorial which is mentioned in the Users Manual (but not found there). I don't have any experience constructing a netlist (such as for SPICE) and I need a little help.  The examples which come with ACS aren't explanatory about the translation between schematic and netlist. Does anyone have the fabled "Tutorial" or any other reference which could help me in constructing a netlist from a schematic diagram?  (I also emailed Al hi..	2
Can some people with cache cards PLEASE post speedometer numbers they get with the cards. I have only one report, which seems to indicate that a 32K cache card gives you only about a 1% speedup!! Access to memory takes LONGER when you have a cache card(and get a miss) thus a small cache card of 32K may be worth $0. I don't know what kind of numbers 64K cards get you. Also I found it interesting that you can disable the cache cards via software(read about it in the Mac IIsi tech notes from ftp.ap..	1
Some weeks ago, someone posted an article telling when and where a hamfest and computerfest was going to be help in Dayton, OH. Unfortunately, I lost the article and I was wondering if someone could repost it.  I believe it was being held the 23,24,and 25 of this month at the Dayton convention center but I'm not sure.  Any help and more details would be greatly appreciated.	2
I have the a CD-Technology drive with the Toshiba mechanism, and it is supposedly the fast and best now. It has an access of 200ms and a data transfer rate 300Kb/sec. It is multisession photo-cd compatible. It is available from educorp for $599, the CD-Technology one, and comes with two mail in coupons for two free CDs. I'm not sure if the cd's are good, since I've only had the drive a little less than a month and had the cd's shipped to my home address in california instead of here in maryland...	1
There is another useful method based on Least Sqyares Estimation of the sphere equation parameters.  The points (x,y,z) on a spherical surface with radius R and center (a,b,c) can be written as    (x-a)^2 + (y-b)^2 + (z-c)^2 = R^2  This equation can be rewritten into the following form:    2ax + 2by + 2cz + R^2 - a^2 - b^2 -c^2 = x^2 + y^2 + z^2  Approximate the left hand part by F(x,y,z) = p1.x + p2.x + p3.z + p4.1  For all datapoints, i.c. 4, determine the 4 parameters p1..p4 which minimise th..	0
I recall reading that the Mac LC (and presumably the LC II & III) can use stand ard VGA monitors, with appropriate cable adapters. I am uncertain of this sinc e I have asked other people who say this is not so. So can all vga monitors be  used on the Mac LC? What are the specs needed for a PC monitor to work with a Mac LC (horizontal nad vertical frequencies)?	1
Thanks for the resposes as they were all good ideas and I am looking at using a couple of the ideas. I recieved in the mail today the spec sheets on the mil. spec version of Exar's XR-2240 timer/counter chip. It is stable down to -50 C and sucks very little power. They show an application for a ultra-long time delay (up to several years depending on the RC time constant). In this application, they have two of them cascaded together. The reset and trigger pins of both chips are tied together and ..	2
Radio Shack has canceled their "Battery of the Month" Club. Does  anyone know why?   They say they'll honor existing cards in customer hands, but no new cards will be issued.	2
Apple uses the IEEE Nubus-90 standard for their 32 bit backplane bus. (I got this from a technote that I reada couple of weeks ago)   Hope this helps, Bret Chase	1
It would also be great for another reason - when not docked, it could serve as an ARA server to the large internal HD, your corporate email, etc. In a pinch, you would also have two machines, instead of 1.5.  If they could couple that thought with RocketShare, and let you use both the '030 on the PB and the '040 on the dock, it would be a mighty powerful dock.  -	1
(Robert L. McMillin) rants:  And how did the "free love advocates of the 1960's" manage to perform this demolition-forced breeding programs or something?   Now let me get this straight. After a nice, long rant about how people need to take personal responsibility for their economic and social lives, all of a sudden 1960's radicals (such as me, I guess) are responsible for poor people's lifestyles? Tell me how that works-or do you think that poor people are just too dumb to think for themselves? ..	3
Look in the /pub/SPACE directory on ames.arc.nasa.gov - there are a number of earth images there. You may have to hunt around the subdirectories as things tend to be filed under the mission (ie, "APOLLO") rather than under  the image subject.	0
ajteel@dendrite.cs.Colorado.EDU (A.J. Teel) writes...  On whose authority do you have this and on what grounds was it  dismissed?        Daniel Reitman  HOW NOT TO WRITE A DEED  One case involved the construction of a conveyance to grantees "jointly, as  tenants in common, with equal rights and interest in said land, and to the  survivor thereof, in fee simple. . . . To Have and to Hold the same unto the  said parties hereto, equally, jointly, as tenants in common, with equal rights  and interes..	3
My next project is to come up with an IF/detector module for fast - 112 to 250 kB/sec - packet radio use. No fancy modulation scheme, just wide FSK for use at 902 or 1296 MHz.  I'm a bit familiar with the Motorola 3362 chip, but I wonder if there are newer designs that might work at higher input frequencies.  My goal is to come up with an inexpensive design for a receiver "back end" with IF input on one end and an FSK demondulator on the other. I'm particularly interested in ways to use a higher..	2
-> >Now let me get this straight. After a nice, long rant about -> >how people need to take personal responsibility for their -> >economic and social lives, all of a sudden 1960's radicals -> >(such as me, I guess) are responsible for poor people's -> >lifestyles? Tell me how that works-or do you think that poor -> >people are just too dumb to think for themselves? -> > -> >There are many reasons for the disintegration of the family -> >and support systems in general among this nation's poor. ->..	3
A few days back someone posted info on a gopher site where you could search for medical graphics, etc. Could someone please repost or mail me a copy? I'd greatly appreciate it. Thanks!  Mark	0
*     2ND CALL FOR PRESENTATIONS    NAVY SCIENTIFIC VISUALIZATION AND VIRTUAL REALITY SEMINAR     Tuesday, June 22, 1993    Carderock Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center   (formerly the David Taylor Research Center)      Bethesda, Maryland  *  SPONSOR: NESS (Navy Engineering Software System) is sponsoring a  one-day Navy Scientific Visualization and Virtual Reality Seminar.  The purpose of the seminar is to present and exchange information for Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual..	0
In the bottom drawer I just found an old A+ mouse with a DB-9 (9-pin) plug. I assume that it belonged to a deceased Plus or something.   Could any simple modification turn it into a proper ADB mouse?  Reply by mail, preferably.  Thanks!	1
Hi !  If you want to have Soft-Scrolling on your VGA, you have to change some  intern registers of the CRTC. But it is a little bit difficult to explain,  so I would suggest, you take a look at "The Programming of the  EGA/VGA-Adapter" by Addison-Wesley. You will find all useful descriptions  for every available VGA-Register.  -Boris	0
I understand there have been a couple of raves in LA billing themselves as "Virtual Reality" parties. What I hear they do is project .GIF images around on the walls, as well as run animations through a Newtek Toaster.  Seems like we need to adopt the term Really Virtual Reality or something, except for the non-immersive stuff which is Virtually Really Virtual Reality.   etc.     _Samuel_	0
Yep... Alchemy works fine on my Tseng400+DAC, but I think I remember reading that it only displays in 15-bit or so. Of course, that's still 32K colors which is nothing to sneeze at. Use the -v flag.   - -  Neal Miller | "Why not go mad?" | millernw@craft.camp.clarkson.edu  Clarkson University | - Ford Prefect | dark@craft.camp.clarkson.edu	0
And not only that, but if the drugs were legal we could have pharmacists instead of pushers selling them, and the pharmacists could be obligated to not only inform the purchasers of the dangers of drug use, but also show them how to use the drugs in relatively safe ways. And the dangers of impurities (responsible for much of the suffering that drugs cause) would be all but eliminated.	3
[...]   You seem to be saying that a LIMITED government will provide MORE opportunities for private interests to use it to pursue their own agendas, and asking libertarians to prove that this will NOT happen. While I can't offer such a proof, it seems pretty damn plausible that if the government does not regulate a particular area, it cannot become a tool of private interests to pursue their own agendas in that area. I rather suspect that it's the sort of government we have NOW that is more like..	3
A member of the local BBS I frequent is looking for Mac oriented BBSs based in Chicago.  Any leads would be most appreciated.	1
The Quadra 700 goes thru extensive initalize routines of its hardware, read's PRAM, obtains all info from last session including the volume setting, and then executes the sound procedure for the startup sound, and wait's on the SCSI controller to respond to the boot up code.   If the DRAM produces an error, or a registers cannot be read from a device, or the device corrupts that address/data or control paths, then if it is possible, the firmware branchs to another sound routine that produces the..	1
_TOO_ many.	3
Or, _documentation_ for the program ;-). A lot of shareware out there is  very similar in the approach - send in your money, and you get  documentation, and a free upgrade to the latest version. Perhaps even  support of some small degree. Whatever you want to offer that is "better"  than the circulating version.   Figure about 50%, as I have seen.   It doesn't really hurt legit users. Shareware is still much cheaper than  the alternatives.   -  -Visit the SOUNDING BOARD BBS +1 214 596 2915, a Wi..	2
I recently got a file describing a library of rendering routines  called SIPP (SImple Polygon Processor). Could anyone tell me where I can  FTP the source code and which is the newest version around?  Also, I've never used Renderman so I was wondering if Renderman  is like SIPP? ie. a library of rendering routines which one uses to make  a program that creates the image...   Thanks, Joe Tham	0
Archie told me the following sites holding documentation about DXF:  Host nic.funet.fi (128.214.6.100) Last updated 15:11 7 Apr 1993   Location: /pub/csc/graphics/format  FILE rwxrwxr- 95442 Dec 4 1991 dxf.doc  Host rainbow.cse.nau.edu (134.114.64.24) Last updated 17:09 1 Jun 1992   Location: /graphics/formats  FILE rw-r-r- 95442 Mar 23 23:31 dxf.doc  Host ftp.waseda.ac.jp (133.9.1.32) Last updated 00:47 5 Apr 1993   Location: /pub/data/graphic  FILE rw-r-r- 39753 Nov 18 1991 dxf.doc.Z	0
Hello,  I've been trying to bump map a gif onto a sphere for a while and I can't seem to get it to work. Image mapping works, but not bump mapping. Here's a simple file I was working with, could some kind soul tell me whats wrong with this.....  #include "colors.inc" #include "shapes.inc" #include "textures.inc"   camera {  location <0 1 -3>  direction <0 0 1.5>  up <0 1 0>  right <1.33 0 0>  look_at <0 1 2> }   object { light_source { <2 4 -3> color White }  }   object {  sphere { <0 1 2> 1 }  ..	0
You are probably referring to the products of      Opto Diode Corp.   750 Mitchell Road   Newbury Park Ca 91320   805 499-0335  The make some amazing IRLED's. The really high-powered devices are arrays of 3, 6, or 9, LED's on a TO-66 header. The 9-chip model puts out 6.5 Watts in response to a 5 Amp, 10 uS. pulse at a .5% duty cycle. I think these are designed as illuminators for IR vision systems.	2
just a suggestion: take a motorola mc14536B set it up to give you a pulse once every sec or ten secs with either a RC or xtal clock input. then feed to a MC14521B as clock input and decode output for 1,209,600 sec output ,might have to add a few 'and' gates or decoder chips to get output and reset pulse back to the'521 to restart cycle... Trigger a oneshot from the decoded riseing edge ;the one shot then goes to a mosfet to drive the mechanism to fire the pellet launcher.. these ckts require uAm..	2
I'm looking for a Cache card for my IIsi. I can spend $250 Max for it,  what i need is 64 kb cache with a fpu socket and a dual slot adapter.  Or at least a passe_through connector so i can keep my graphic card.  I need your advice about the best card i can buy. How much performance  increase i should expect, does the performance increase between the  32 and 64 kb Cache worths the price difference ?. And what's the best  price i can get for such a card (i really need to spare each possible  $). ..	1
<lots more deleted>  I think the hangup with digital scopes is that you have to know so much more about them and how they work on a scope-by-scope basis, and some of the functions are typically presented, in my opinion, in a counter-intuitive fashion (HP has made some strides in their 54600 series, IMO). Automatic setups are fine for simple, repetitive waveforms, but can give you some crazy results on more complex events where you need to understand how the scope is actually measuring/processing..	2
Battery powered devices like the PowerBook are sometimes more sensitive to  serial port weirdness. I had trouble with connecting my Mac Plus to an HP 95LX handheld. Everything else worked okay on that port, but not the HP. (it runs on two penlite batteries). It turned out that the plus (by accident or by  design flaw?) was putting a 4 volt bias on the serial port that was doing  weird things to the HP (which has only 3v dc!). The HP worked fine when  connected to the printer port.   Does your PB..	1
Well yes and no. The Federalist papers are propaganda and it is therefore difficult to determine precisely what Maddison etc were up to from them. They certainly emphasised a limited role for the federal government but this was not necessarily their true position.   The Senate was less powerful than the House of Lords in the period in question. The stripping of the powers of the House of Lords did not occur until 1914 and David Llloyd George's budget. Even despite this the House of Lords has con..	3
Why didn't you create 8 grey-level images, and display them for 1,2,4,8,16,32,64,128... time slices?  This requires the same total exposure time, and the same precision in timing, but drastically reduces the image-preparation time, no?	0
Is there a Wyse 60 Terminal Emulator or a comms toolbox kit available on the net somewhere?  Thanks.	1
Hello,  Hello,   I was wondering if anyone knew of a PC or MAC implementation of the marching cubes algorithm that will output the individual faces. If there is no such application, might there be some C source code that I could modify to implement the algorithm and get to the individual faces.  Thanks in advance Sincerly  Tracy	0
[purile babble deleted]  Well, some form of guaranteed health care isn't a bad idea, but, yah, I'm a bit worried of a gubnint-run HMO myself. I'd much rather have something like Canada has [and I'll *belt* anyone who tells me to move to Canada :)], but since people will yell and scream "NO!!! NOT ONE LIKE CANADA HAS!!!", we're probably all screwed.    Impressive.  Let the "GREAT CHUCKMEISTER" make a couple predictions, if you will:  1. The sun will rise tomorrow. 2. Rush will bash Clinton on his..	3
This is vague, so I am posting it in case anyone else knows more.  I recall reading of a phonograph which used mechanical amplification. Compressed air was squirted out of a valve which was controlled by the pickup. The result was noisy and distinctly lo-fi, but much louder than a conventional phonograph. It tended to wear the disks out pretty quickly though.  Paul.	2
I had a similar idea, for a fax/answering machine switch, to put both machines on one line. You order distinctive ringing from your phone company. This is $3/month here. You get a second (unpublished) phone number. When someone calls this number, your phone rings with short rings instead of long rings.  You set up your answering machine on 4 rings and your fax on six rings. You'd give out the new # as your fax #. A device would measure the length of rings. When it detects a short ring, it turns ..	2
A 68070 is just a 68010 with a built in MMU. I don't even think that Moto. manufactures them.   - Ian Romanick  Dancing Fool of Epsilon	0
I'm wondering if it's possible to use radio waves to measure the distance between a transmitter(s) and receiver?  Seems to me that you should be able to measure the signal strength and determine distance. This would be for short distances (2000 ft), and I would need to have accuracy of 6 inches, or so.  How about measuring vertical distance as well, any chance - or am I getting ridiculous?  What frequencies would be best for this? Or does matter?  Sorry if I'm "mucking up" the network with one o..	2
Does anyone know of an FTP site where I might find public domain software for the Motorola 68HC16 microprocessor? I am looking for a basic interpreter/compilier or a 'C' compiler. Thanks in advance.      Ed Murashie	2
{early PA?} # I recall reading of a phonograph which used mechanical amplification. # Compressed air was squirted out of a valve which was controlled by the # pickup. The result was noisy and distinctly lo-fi, but much louder # than a conventional phonograph. It tended to wear the disks out # pretty quickly though.  An now-deceased prof told us willing students about a project he had worked on during WWII.  They needed a mega-power PA with very clear audio quality. The purpose was to bellow at r..	2
Don't be ridiculous, Kaldis. I suggest you give the "Ugly American" concept, which I can easily see you demonstrating, a good hard second look.    Dear God. Didn't this die out in the fifties with McCarthy and the blacklists?    Didn't your mother ever teach you not to generalize? I am a Canadian, and I stand up for _too many_ things with _too much_ certitude.     Uh huh. This must explain the world reknowned, record low American crime rate. I see now, it's all becoming so clear to me.    No he ..	3
Here's a question that may be simple enough to answer, but has stumped myself and a few others:  What does an external RAM cache card do for you if you already have a large cache set (through control panel) in your SIMMs?  EX: I have a Mac IIci with 20 meg RAM, an external video card (so I don't rob my SIMM's), and the default Apple cache card (I believe this is 32K?).  Say I have my cache set at 2 MEG, what good does a measly 32K do me on the cache card? Could it actually slow things down by di..	1
Hi. I'm looking for software to aid a friend of mine with designing speakers. Does this type of software exist? If anyone can point me toward a shareware or freeware product with this description, that would be ideal.  ...Steve van der Burg (using a friend's account)  (p.s. Excuse the terseness of the message; I'm having difficulty stringing readable sentences together today, for some reason.)  -	2
Not to your satisfaction. But the arguments have convinced me, and others.	3
Go for it. I have yet to see anybody justify the prohibition on drugs and the ensuing War On Drugs. In the world of *.politics here on Usenet, it is YOU that is crazy. ANYBODY-who gives the matter any thought beyond reading headlines-cannot justify this atrocity, this all out war on individual rights.  Just _TRY_ to justify the War On Drugs, I _DARE_ you!   Once again, in chorus: WHY is this "stupid"?   The above paragraph is gibberish-that all I can make of it...	3
Is there an ftp site for maps of the US. Preferably aerial photographs?	0
When is Apple supposed to start bundlign the new ergonomic ADB Mouse II with all CPUs sold?  jas  -	1
I'm in the market for a laser printer. Used printers are fine, non-apple printers are fine, but whatever printer I get must fit the following:  Required features:  - PostScript  - 300 dpi  - emough memory to download fonts  - The cheaper, the better. I'd prefer under $1000.   Nice things:  - anything over 4 pages per minute  - scsi output for a font disk  - smallish footprint    Don't Care About:  - PostScript Level II  - networking (its just for me, and always will be)  - color   I know about F..	1
reconditioned at a (still Well, sounds like we need some kind of a Lemon Law on the hardware industry. After all it does sound unfair to me for someone that has paid the price of a new drive for a reconditioned one. What do you guys think?	1
They are illegal here in Manitoba as well though I don't know what  methods are used to detect them.  It has always amazed me with the way the laws work. It is not illegal to  sell them here in Manitoba, only to have them within a vehicle. (Last I  heard, they don't have to be installed to be illegal.)	2
After reading reports from Germany of success in accelerating a Quadra or Centris simply by changing the clock oscillator, I decided to test the claim. I pulled out my Variable Speed Overdrive and the motherboard's 50 mhz clock chip. I put a socket in the clock's place and inserted a 64 mhz TTL clock oscillator I had left over from working on some SI's. I can't believe it. It actually works. I'm not getting SCSI timing errors either. This is only after a short run time but I'll keep posting resu..	1
Yes, please create the group alt.raytrace soon!! I'm hooked on pov. geez. like I don't have anything better to do.... OH!! dave letterman is on...	0
This is similar to my saying that Clinton's timber summit does little to fix the health care problem. Look at the whole picture, not just randomly picked libertarian positions. If government is not allowed to use "non-initiated force" to achieve its goals, than no special interest can influence the government to use non-initiated force on their behalf.  The means to reaching such a restricted government is another topic which I'll address briefly. It certainly won't happen until libertarianism i..	3
Awhile back someone posted some information on where you can get kits to build an EEG. Does anyone remember where you could get this. I'm very interested in getting some info on this. Thanks  in advance.  eric	2
Hi,   I have a problem, I hope some of the 'gurus' can help me solve.   Background of the problem:  I have a rectangular mesh in the uv domain, i.e the mesh is a   mapping of a 3d Bezier patch into 2d. The area in this domain  which is inside a trimming loop had to be rendered. The trimming  loop is a set of 2d Bezier curve segments.  For the sake of notation: the mesh is made up of cells.   My problem is this :  The trimming area has to be split up into individual smaller  cells bounded by the ..	0
Also photoshopII is out soon, has anyone got a date and any cofmments? Andy   _  | Andrew Leahy | aleahy@cch.coventry.ac.uk | Odd FROG |  _	0
Rather than decide which book you want to buy, you need to decide which programming interface you want to use, then buy the appropriate book.  I wrote an article for the X Resource which discusses the differences between PHIGS and PEXlib (it will appear in Issue 6 which should be out pretty soon). But here's a brief summary...  PHIGS is a graphics API which was designed to be portable to many devices. Most implementations support the X Window System and take advantage of a 3D extension to X call..	0
Hey everyone, I'm new to this newsgroup so please excuse me if this is a  dumb question....I want to build a crossover for my stereo and I need a coil with an inductance of 6.8mH (actually I need 4). I was wondering if anyone knew where I could buy these or how to make these. I've called many places and no one I can find sells them. If you have the answers just E - mail me.... Thanks in advance.... Chris	2
Does anyone know exactly how Digital Eclipse does their upgrades? Someone was suggesting to me that some chips may not be able to perform at 33MHz. Is this true, and if so, how does DESI deal with that?  -David	1
A 1 of 4 decoder need not be the same as a 1 to 4 demultiplexer, although many commercial SSI implementations allow you to use one as such. Strictly, a 1 of 4 decoder need only take two lines in and make one output change state, according to the inputs.  A demux, on the other hand, uses two control inputs to determine which of four outputs will reflect the state of the input signal. So there are three inputs required.  A decoder can be used as a demux if it is equipped with an output enable inpu..	2
You can include postscript epsi files in xfig (encapsulated postscript info files). You can't actually edit the postscript file, but you're able to draw over the postscript file.  There a eps to epsi converter: eps2epsi (perl program),  Succes,	0
: 8_> I require BGI drivers for Super VGA Displays and Super XVGA Displays. Does  : 8_> anyone know where I could obtain the relevant drivers ? (FTP sites ??)  :  I would like to know too!  : Regards, : Dominic  garbo.uwasa.fi (or one of its many mirrors) has a file called "svgabg40" in the programming subdirectory. These are svga bgi drivers for a variety of cards.  [from the README]: "Card types supported: (SuperVGA drivers)  Ahead, ATI, Chips & Tech, Everex, Genoa, Paradise, Oak, Trident (bot..	0
Whatever equipment will work on a mac plus or a mac se will work fine on  a mac portable. It doesn't have a sound input, but there is equipment  that works fine with those models mentioned in macuser/macworld.	1
Someone was looking for these a few weeks ago - check out comp.dsp Mike.	2
This article was probably generated by a buggy news reader.	0
does anyone have the e-mail address for the white house. if so please send it to me thanks a lot.	3
Refer to patents by JAMES HARRIS ROGERS: 958,829; 1,220,005; 1,322,622; 1,349,103; 1,315,862; 1,349,104; 1,303,729; 1,303,730; 1,316,188  He details methods of underground and underwater wireless communications. For a review, refer to _Electrical_Experimenter_, March 1919 and June 1919.  Rogers' methods were used extensively during the World War, and was unclassified after the war. Supposedly, the government rethought this soon after, and Rogers was convieniently forgotten.  The bottom line is t..	2
OpenGL is a graphics programming library and as such is a great, portable interface for the development of interactive 3D graphics applications. It is not, however, an indicator of performance, as that will vary strongly from machine to machine and vendor to vendor. SGI is committed to high performance interactive graphics systems and software tools, so OpenGL means that you can port easily from SGI to other platforms, there is no guarantee that your performance would be comparable.   If your sa..	0
R >>>JD> ALL PC parallel ports that are compatable with the IBM standard, R >>>JD> including the original IBM adaptor, are bi-directional.  NOT ALL PARALLEL PORTS ARE BI-DIRECTIONAL WITHOUT MODIFICATION.  My experience with the standard old zenith parallel port in their  original 286s proves that. They had the input direction disactiviated by  tieing them R/W select line of the circuit to Vcc. To make it bi ( which  I did ) I had to modify it by scraping off the trace and solder a jump to  the p..	2
In billions of dollars (%GNP): year GNP receipts outlays deficit debt unempl% admin = = = = = = = = 1977 1930 355.6 (18.4) 409.2 (21.2) 53.6 (2.8) 709.1 Carter 1978 2174 399.6 (18.4) 458.7 (21.1) 59.2 (2.7) 780.4 Carter 1979 2444 463.3 (19.0) 503.5 (20.6) 40.2 (1.6) 833.8 Carter 1980 2674 517.1 (19.3) 590.9 (22.1) 73.8 (2.8) 914.3 7.9 Carter 1981 2986 599.3 (20.1) 678.2 (22.7) 78.9 (2.6) 1003.9 8.4 Reagan 1982 3130 617.8 (19.7) 745.7 (23.8) 127.9 (4.1) 1147.0 11.0 Reagan 1983 3325 600.6 (18.1) 8..	3
Since I'm not all too keen on this area of hooking them up, I'm  asking for help. I know better than to hook a 12v, 1a stepper line to  one, unless it can take it; however what about if I've got a 24-60v  stepper. What sort of curent limmiting circuitry would be involved (a  small schematic would probably be helpfull).   Also, I've looked into the TIPC2701N by TI, and I was wondering  if I should use the same suggested (by you replying to this message)  current limiting circuitry on each of the ..	2
The Fluke 87 beeps at you if you try to take it out of a current measuring range while there is still a lead plugged in to the current sense socket.  ... this should solve your problem - unless you are in a noisy environment.  JohnH  -   | _ |_ _ |_| _ _| _| Electronics Department  |_| (_) | | | | | | (_| (_| (_| \/ School of MPCE  -/- Macquarie University  Sydney, AUSTRALIA 2109   Email: johnh@mpce.mq.edu.au, Ph: +61 2 805 8959, Fax: +61 2 805 8983	2
I need a complete list of all the polygons that there are, in order.  I'll summarize to the net.   -  "If only I had been compiled with the '-g' option."	0
Okay all my friends are bitching at me that the map I made in Appsoft Draw can't be displayed in "xv"... I checked... It's true, at least with version 1.0. My readers on the NeXT have very little trouble on it (Preview messes up the .eps, but does fine with the TIFF and ImageViewer0.9a behaves with flying colors except it doesn't convert worth *&^^% ;-) )   Please is there any way I can convert this .drw from Appsoft 1.0 on the NeXT to something more reasonable like .gif? I have access to a sun4..	0
There is one reason: market size.  The market size for color quickdraw for accellerated plusses and SEs (which don't go beyond 4 MB anyway) is just too small; the extra cost would belike $1,000 and with that money, you can buy a color classic instead.  Cheers,       / h+ -   - Jon W{tte, h+@nada.kth.se, Mac Hacker Deluxe -	1
Have anyone some idea about how to build a cheap, low resolution (or high :-) video projector...	2
: The Selective Service Registration should be abolished. To start with, the : draft is immoral. Whether you agree with that or not, we don't have one now, : and military experts agree that the quality of the armed forces is superior : with a volunteer army than with draftees. Finally, the government has us : on many lists in many computers (the IRS, Social Security Admistration and : Motor Vehicle Registries to name a few) and it can find us if it needs to. : Maintaining yet another list of peo..	3
Yes, sadly, this is true. The primary reason, and the essence of the details that you are seeking, is that the Grahm-Rudman budget controls were working. In fact, they were working so well that unless the feds did something, they were going to have to start cutting pork. So Bush and the Democrats got together in a Budget Summit and replaced Grahm-Rudman with the now historic Grand Compromise in which Bush "consented" to raise taxes in exchange for certain caps on spending increases.  As it turne..	3
Howdy all,  Where could I find a screen-grabber program for MS-Windows? I'm  writing up some documentation and it would be VERY helpful to include sample screens into the document.  Please e-mail as I don't usualy follow this group.  Thanks a lot,  Grant	0
Perhaps you're using the wrong brand! (Sorry all HP fans, but I have a hard time being convinced that their scopes match the rest of their (excellent) gear).  One of the principal functions I look for when considering a DSO is whether you can turn interpolation off. The other important feature is to disable repetitive waveform acquisition i.e. being able to lock the instrument into real time capture mode.   I agree with you here. The only consolation is that manufacturers are _beginning_ to pay ..	2
I am looking for software to run on my brand new Targa+ 16/32. If anyone knows of any sites which have useful stuff, or if you have any yourself you want to give, let me know via mail. Thanks a LOT! Yayayay!  jamie@ddsw1.mcs.com	0
Mac IIsi.  I have had my Q700 running with a 66.666 MHz osc for a few months. I have a number of SCSI devices connected (Quantum LP52, Maxtor 213, Toshiba MK156F via Emulex adapter, Pioneer DRM-600) and have had no trouble.  I am using the stock cooling facilities, I considered adding a fan/heat pump, but don't feel they are necessary (for my box anyway). I have a temp meter on order and plan to do some measurements when it arrives in a few weeks. Email me if you want to see the results.	1
Yeah, of course... The term 'mach banding' was not the correct one, it should've been 'color quantization effect'. Although a bad color quantization effect could result in some visible mach-bands on a picture that was smooth before it was quantizised.	0
Hi!   Sorry, it's german, but I hope you understand it.   Uebertragung der Schaltplan-Daten (*.SCH) in die Board-Daten (*.JOB):  PADS-LOGIC:  In/Out  Reports  Net List  Select PADS-PCB Net List Output file name  -> filename angeben  PADS-PCB:  In/Out  Ascii In Ascii input file name  -> filename angeben Errors aoutput file name  -> filename angeben, nicht CR  Jetzt sind alle Bauteile auf einem Haufen und muessen mit Move verteilt werden.  Viele Gruesse	2
My very favorite ad for such a device is on the back of the latest Damark catalog. Quoting from memory:  [Big flashy type] "Dual deck VCR copies any tape - Even those that are copy protected!*"  (And underneath the ad in very small print: *This device is not intended for making illegal copies of copyrighted material.)  :-)  -	2
Hi there!  What is your recommendation for a good hard-disk driver software for non-Apple drives? I would mainly need it for a SyQuest removable media drive, but maybe for some normal drives too. I have heard and seen good things about SilverLining, but don't know any competitors. It does not need to be fancy, filled with features... I more like it affordable.  Thanks	1
...and to make life difficult for us actuaries..... :-/  -  Michael D. Adams (starowl@a2i.rahul.net)  Champaign, IL / southeast AL	3
To display Millions of colors on a 16" monitor you need 2MB of VRAM in the Q950.    Correct. This is the amount of on-board VRAM that the Q800 comes with.    Yes this is possible. Technically, you only need to take out 2 of the VRAM SIMMs but leaving in the other two will not get you anything because the 950 cannot really do anything with 1.5MB of VRAM. It only knows 1MB and 2MB.    Yes, this is correct. You get to 1MB by putting 2 256k VRAM SIMMs into the VRAM SIMM slots on the Q800's motherboa..	1
I sent off for my copy today... Snail Mail. Hope to get it back in about ten days. (Impulse said "a week".)  I hope it's as good as they claim...  Jim Nobles	0
Well, I also have an LC III. Popping the top revealed:   One "socket" for an additional VRAM SIMM   One "socket" for a 72-pin RAM SIMM   One socket for a flat-pack FPU   A processor-direct slot (PDS) identical to the LC/LC II, but with  an additional set of connetions to one side (for the full 32-bit  data path that the LC/LC II lacked  That's it. I guess a board with a PowerPC chip could be made that would fit in the PDS, but that's the only place.	1
I think you are too optimistic! PostScript is a very big language and so the fig format can not be able to be an interpreter of ANY arbitrary ps code. The only program I know to manipulate PostScript files is IslandDraw. I for myself use xfig and include the PostScript files (converted to epsi format). Small changes then are possible (erasing some letters, adding text and so on). Reinhard	0
Wouldn't this require a hyper-sphere. In 3-space, 4 points over specifies a sphere as far as I can see. Unless that is you can prove that a point exists in 3-space that is equi-distant from the 4 points, and this may not necessarily happen.  Correct me if I'm wrong (which I quite possibly am!)  steve -	0
No. That's *not* what I was complaining about, nor did I intend to suggest that DEC was any better than SGI (let me tell you about the Lynx some day, but be prepared with a large sedative if you do...). My comment regarding DEC was to indicate that I might be open to other vendors that supported OpenGL, rather than deal further with SGI.  What I *am* annoyed about is the fact that we were led to believe that we *would* be able to upgrade to a multiprocessor version of the Crimson without the ass..	0
kaldis@romulus.rutgers.edu (Theodore A. Kaldis) writes...          Actually, my interest in gender issues is not limited to international boundaries. Indeed, I often exchange information with Americans about issues which concern us, in both countries.    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  Ah...someone had mentioned this journal, but gave no further information.       Yes, thank you, though I am really curious as to why this never came out (at least not in what I saw, up here in Canada, or on CNN, which ..	3
Is it a hidden option? I'm using PowerStrip 2.0 (by Mr. Caputo) right now and can't find any quick discharge option. It definitely is on mac.archive.umich.edu 'cause I submitted it!	1
I can't even hear the fan on my 650.....gee I wonder if its working.....yup, just checked, its exhausting air out the back just fine.  Gary  -	1
: I'm not sure if this is the correct place to ask this question. If not, : please forgive me and point me in the right direction.  : Does anybody know of a program that converts .GIF files to .BMP files : and if so, where can I ftp it from? Any help would be greatly  : appreciated.  : Please respond via e-mail as I do not read this group very often.  : Thanks...Scott  Sorry Scott, if you post it here, you can read it here. There is a shareware program available via anonymous FTP that will suit ..	0
You asked a question, and now you don't want people to answer? I believe a legitimate question was asked. Why shouldn't cost and safety be used (at least in part) to determine legality?  I'd like to see you *prove* that drug legalization is an idiotic idea. Seems to me the evidence from Great Britain is pretty convincing that  drug legalization is a good idea. Even such a noted conservative as William F. Buckley supports it.  Your examples (except for prostitution) fail miserably to meet both cr..	3
Rich Thompson posts some blather about the Libertarian Party:    What pray tell do the Libertarians know about winning elections?  Bob   -	3
Alan, you can start by teaching your children that the perpetrators of crimes no more represent the "Black community" than racist hateful Whites represent the majority culture (although there are many ethnic minorities who have fallen into the very trap that you are struggling with, and believe otherwise). The trap is the easy way out.  For yourself, I think it would be a good idea to realize that the demographics related to the crimes you speak of have less to do with race, and much to do with ..	3
Drive down to Cincinnati and take a look. Not pretty, is it? Things were much better there in 1980. All that growth went into the hands of Ron and Georgie's pals, and I DIDN'T GET A SINGLE DIME OF IT, DAMMIT. And, now, I'm gonna be bled to death by tax leeches to pay for the damage. F*ing great.  Oh, here's another thing. Seems like a lot of people in  Columbus drive over to Marysville and make Japanese cars. Hm. I wonder how many American-owned companies employ those in Central Ohio? Other than..	3
The si has a single expansion slot, that can be either PDS or Nubus, but not both together. The card lies parallel to and above the motherboard & HD and requires an adaptor slot to do this. There are Nubus and PDS adaptort cards. Thus, what kind of slots you have depends on what kind of adapter card you have. With the exception of the Radius rocket, all NuBus cards I know of work in the si. PDS slots and thus cards are Mac specific, thus not all PDS cards work in all Macs.	1
I have a Macc IIci and a Color scanner. I scanned a picture at 600 dpi. When I try to print it on my HP500 color printer, after 10 minutes of making noise, the mac hangs. I would need to reboot it. What does this mean? Do I need to buy more memory? I have 5.0 MB now. I also have about 50 MB of disk free, and the scanned picture is about 12 MB.  -	1
A surplus-dealing buddy of mine came up with two emulator pods:   HP64220C (for HP 64100 development station). 8086 target  processor. DIP head. Does not include board that plugs into  the 64100.   Applied Microsystems 80C186/188 pod, LCC head.  If you have an interest in either, let me know. They look to be in excellent condition. He doesn't know what to do with them, which may mean that they'll be cheap.  -  -  Dave Medin   Phone: (205) 730-3169 (w)  SSD-Networking    (205) 837-1174 (h)  Inter..	2
Yes, I am very interested in this chip. Please follow up or email.	0
HAHAHAHAHAH. Oh, CHRIST! Oh, HAHAHAHAH.   whew. Mark, what on EARTH makes you think I give a FUCK  about being a "success", particularly NOW when I'll just  the HELL taxed out of me? Oh, this is excellent.   Holy christ! :)   Besides, let's <ahem> examine the record, shall we?   Broward: " Clinton's going to taxe the HOLY FUCK out of you! "  Mark: " No, he's not. Only $17 / month "   ( I STILL get a laugh out of this one! :) )   Broward: " Oh, here comes a National Sales Tax "  Clinton Supporter..	3
I have posted disp135.zip to alt.binaries.pictures.utilities   * You may distribute this program freely for non-commercial use  if no fee is gained. * There is no warranty. The author is not responsible for any  damage caused by this program.   Important changes since version 1.30:  Fix bugs in file management system (file displaying).  Improve file management system (more user-friendly).  Fix bug in XPM version 3 reading.  Fix bugs in TARGA reading/writng.  Fix bug in GEM/IMG reading.  Add supp..	0
The difference in the litigation environment is reflected in the fees.  Lack of defensive medicine and near-absence of malpractice is really why we spend less using the most expensive approach of pure insurance in Canada (along with France and Germany) without HMO's - the NYT has admitted that malpractice insurance fees are an order of magnitude lower in Canada but doctors take-home pay is almost equal to American doctors; also, minimal bureaucracy 'cos the system is so-o-o simple (early March)...	3
...   Mac sound hardware is diverse; some macs play in stereo and mix the output (the SE/30 for instance) while others play in stereo but ONLY has the left channel for the speaker, while some are "truly" mono (like the LC)  Developers know that stuff played in the left channel is guaranteed to be heard, while the right channel isn't. Some send data to both, some only send data to the left channel (the first is preferrable, of course)  Cheers,       / h+	1
You also have a severe problem with news headers.  FTP to cs.purdue.edu:pub/vanecek and pull proxima.tar.Z and proxima.ps.Z. Tres spif.  -	0
I think APDA has something called MacWireFrame which is a full wire-frame (and supposedly hidden-line removal) library. I think it weighs in at $99 (but I've been wrong on an order of magnitude before)   I can relate to that       /h+ -   - Jon W{tte, h+@nada.kth.se, Mac Hacker Deluxe -	0
The Duo Powerbooks seem to park the heads after a few seconds of inactivity... is that builtin into the drive logic or is it being programmed via software, any way to tune the iddle timeout that makes the heads park themselves... I think the heads are being parked since after a few seconds of inactivity you can hear the clunk of heads parking.	1
or there   Okay, I guess its time for a quick explanation of Mac sound.  The original documentation for the sound hardware (IM-3) documents how to make sound by directly accessing hardware. Basically, you jam values into all the even bytes from SoundBase to SoundBase+0x170. This was because of how the Mac 128 (and some later machines) generated sound was by scanning this block and D/Aing every even byte (the odd bytes went to the floppy on some machines).  When the Mac II (and Apple Sound Chip) ..	1
Howdy chaps  Has anybody got any pointers to good C, Pascal, etc compilers for  microcontrollers, shareware or otherwise ?  My specific need is for 8051 C, but if the responses are many and varied I  will post a summary.  Cheers Mike	2
FYI: The actual horizontal dot placement resoution of an HP deskjet is 1/600th inch. The electronics and dynamics of the ink cartridge, however, limit you to generating dots at 300 per inch. On almost any paper, the ink wicks more than 1/300th inch anyway.  The method of depositing and fusing toner of a laster printer results in much less spread than ink drop technology.  It doesn't take much investigation to see that the mechanical and electronic complement of a laser printer is more complex th..	2
Anybody know of an IGES Viewer for DOS/Windows? I need to be able to display  ComputerVision IGES files on a PC running Windows 3.1. Thanks in advance.	0
I am looking for one of those color LCD screens you place on an overhead projector and control the presentation with a Mac.  Can you recommend me a particular brand? What price are we talking about?  Thanks,	1
It is a bit unfair to call blame the Clinton Administration alone...this initiative was underway under the Bush Administration...it is basically a bipartisan effort of the establishment Demopublicans and Republicrats...the same bipartisan effort that brought the S&L scandal, and BCCI, etc.	3
Which distance? The distance between one point (t = ti) on the first curve and a point on the other curve with same parameter (u = ti)?	0
: Yes, I know it sounds crazy. Call it an urge. Call it what you want. : Just don't ask why :-)  : Anyway, I'd like to build a UV flashlight, cheaply. "flashlight" means : it should be reasonably portable, but could have a power pack if : necessary.  : My main question is the bulb: where can I get UV bulbs? Do they : need a lot of power? etc., etc.  : I'm not too concerned with whether it's long-wave or short-wave : (but hey, if anyone has a cheap source of bulbs, I'll take both).   Check out a ..	2
There are also a couple or three places on West 45th between Fifth and Sixth.   Harvey   -	2
On an A/D board I've got, I'm using the A/D lines. It measures  the voltages properly, ie: with a 7v power supply it reg's 7v and with  5v, it reg's 5v. Problem is when I've got the input voltage, and I wish  to lower it via a resistor. The sensitivity of the board is so great  that I can triger it with holding the 5/7v wire in one hand, and touch  the probe and it will register the full input voltage. A 1m resistor  only lowers voltage by .1v so this is not too feesable.     What could the prob..	2
<looking around> Who? Where? Don't look at me. I want to send aid to Russia. Many other conservatives do as well.	3
Does anybody have a collection of occurances of 42? (before and after The Guide). If not, I would like to receive any odd bits you might know. postings to alt.fan.douglas.adams.	0
Anyone out there have a Sony 1304S?  I have one, and it's very nice, however - If I run it in 16" mode, the picture won't go very big. I end up with about 1" gap either side, and .5" top & bottom. I suspect an internal adjustment would fix this. Anyone tried it?  Another problem is sub-brightness: Areas that are meant to be black (or off the main raster) are not very black. The real raster is quite visible when the screen is blanked. This is not too severe, but it is just not as good as other Tr..	1
What did this have to do with SF? And please don't answer that a number of libertarians are SF fans or vice versa. I know a  number of SF fans who are also baseball fans but I don't plan on  posting the Red Sox schedule.	3
Yeah - they also gave it their "Editor's Choice" in the run-down of graphics accelerators they tested in the previous issue, which is why I bought (and then returned) mine. The only conclusion I can come up with is that PC Magazine has wildly different ways on determining the worthiness of a video card than I do.	0
Why so up tight? FOr that matter, TIFF6 is out now, so why not gripe about its problems? Also, if its so important to you, volunteer to help define or critique the spec.  Finally, a little numerology: 42 is 24 backwards, and TIFF is a 24 bit image format...  Chris	0
Does anyone know where I can still get an internal fax modem for the  original mac portable? I know they were made for a while by several  manufacturers, but I can't find them now. thanks for your help. Gene Wright	1
No. Plug the printer in the printer port, and the modem in the modem port. ;)	1
Yes, I do. A couple of years ago, I did a comparison of the two products. Some of this may have changed, but here goes.  As far as a PHIGS+ implementation, Figaro+ is fine. But, its PHIGS! Personally, I hate PHIGS because I find it is too low level. I also dislike structure editing, which I find impossible, but enough about PHIGS.  I have found HOOPS to be a system that is full-featured and easy to use. They support all of their rendering methods in software when there is no hardware support, th..	0
Chapter 7 operation in Somlia. Almost Chapter 7 in Cambodia and Yugo.  'Bout time the UN started using force to make the peace happen.  Hopefully, they will soon be doing the same with world economics.	3
The Fujitsu 2322 uses what is known as an 'SMD' interface (Storage Module Device?). A lot of older minis used it. Sun still does on their server models. There are several different speeds of SMD, and I think that the  Fuji drive you have is rated at about 24 Mb/sec (thats megabits). There used to be several companies that made couplers for the PC (Interphase in Texas being one), but I think that the market pretty much has dried up. Controllers for this type of drive are readily available for VME..	2
[...]  I think you posted your article 15 days too late :-)) April 1st is over. I don't like nuclear powerplants but i think it's not fair to tell such "storys" about them. OK ? Let me try to explain what that tower is used to:  -1st. Even the modernst nuclear powerplant is only a simple steam-engine.  It has an hightech "boiler" but the rest is still verry verry   conventional. And if you've already visited any condensation-  powerstation you'l have seen the cooling towers too.  If you look at ..	2
I'm giving up hardware design and am selling my Oscilloscope:   BK Precision Model 1541B  40 MHZ Dual-Trace  Barely Used  $450 firm (Fry's sells it for $589+tax)  Prefer people in Silicon Valley, so I don't have to ship it.	2
Well, I've now been working on this DAMNED stepper controller board  since 9pm. It's now 6am... I'm pissed off. Period. Alright, I can  drive the steppers through the 3479P's; no problem (that's with the  6-wire steppers, 2 to +, and the other 4 are the phase lines). Problem  1: I've got some 4 wire steppers. I put the darkest line to + and the  other 3 to the 3479P... worked, kinda. Tried it with a printer stepper  (moves the head back and forth, 4 wires), didn't work too well. It  would  shift..	2
>It is very difficult for a young person to develop and build  >a positive view of themself when they are constantly being  >told implicitly and explicitly that they are wrong and  >immoral.  Yes, that is most certainly true. However, the paragrapgh reflects a value-less position and infers that what is more important than anything else is to have "a positive view" of one's self.  This of course, is foolish.  Should a mass murderer, a pedophile, a 10-year old pyromaniac have a "positive view" of..	3
I'm doing sound for a couple of bands around here and we need Direct Input boxes for the keyboards. These are the little boxes that take a line level out of the keyboard and transform it into low-Z for the run to the mixer. Sadly they cost like $50 (or more) each and I'm going to need like 5 or 10 of them! I looked inside one (belonging to another band) and it looks like just a transformer. Does anyone have any plans for building them? Perhaps in Anderton's "Electronic Projects for Musicians" bo..	2
Several years back one of the radar detectors manufacturers, in defiance to Virginia's law against radar detectors, passed out thousands of fake cardboard radar detectors at truck stops near the Virginia State lines. At that time there were no radar detector Detectors! I am not sure of the impact but I would imagine that enforcement of the law by visually sighting a radar detector became difficult - if not impossible!  As I said earlier, efforts to throw out or eliminate the VA law against radar..	2
We have a user that has Word 5.0 and is using symbols such as pi and other mathematic sysmbols, plus doing fractions, etc.  The document shows up on the screen with no problems, looks fine.  When she tries to print it on a IIg the pi changes to an upside down caret, and several other symbols change to double quotes at bottom of character, plus some little circles appear between words of the fractions instead of spaces.  This happens on a IIg laser printer. Tried it on serveral macs and two diffe..	1
Do you happen to know what a .SCO RIX file is?	0
Hi !!!  Is there somebody using a 56001 DSP from Motorola ??? I am searching for programms concerning audio effects. I built a 4 channel mixer (4ADC + 1DSP) for audio signals. I built some digital filters and echos, but now i want to include some effects like HARMONIC Equalizer or chorus. The problem is, I dont know how these effects work (so I cant write a programm). So if someone has programms or just knows how such effects work, please contact me in the newsgroup or via e-mail. (Also if there..	2
Hi there!...   Well, i have a 386/40 with SVGA 1Mb. (OAK chip 077) and i don't   have VESA TSR program for this card. I need it .     Please... if anybody can help me, mail me at:    lulagos@araucaria.cec.uchile.cl	0
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary  _ For Immediate Release April 5, 1993    REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT  EN ROUTE TO CAMDEN YARDS FOR ORIOLES OPENING DAY GAME     MARC Train  En Route to Camden Yards    11:45 A.M. EDT      Q  Mr. President, what do you think of Jesse Jackson's  protest today?      THE PRESIDENT: I think it's an informational protest.  I think it's fine. The owners put out a statement few days ago,  which they say was the first step in, you know, efforts to increase  m..	3
My impression - it's not an area I've played with much - is that the much-beloved NE567 is basically obsolete. If you want to detect a 1kHz tone, set a switched-capacitor filter chip to that frequency, feed your input to it, and see if anything comes out the other end. The NE567 was what you used when good clean bandpass filters were hard to do; nowadays they're easy, and the results are better.	2
oops, that's KNX 1070. KNBR is up in 'Frisco, and down at 680.	2
I just read an article on the SWII. One thing puzzles me: the article says the SWII is a serial-only device. Does that mean I'll have to unplug my modem each time I want to print something???	1
It clearly depends on the type of questions you are asking but in many cases it will do fine. The critical information from the neuron is in the firing frequency (maximum about 100 action potentials per seconds), and not in the amplitude of the signal or in details of the signal shape. So the resolution of about 0.4 % you get with an 8 bit convertor is more then sufficient.  AC coupling does not have to be a problem either, since in many cases you are not interested in the DC level. My pre ampli..	1
I need some help. We are upgrading our animation/video editing stand. We are looking into the different type of setups for A/B roll and a cuts only station. We would like this to be controlled by a computer ( brand doesnt matter but maybe MAC, or AMIGA). Low end to high end system setups would be very helpful. If you have a system or use a system that might be of use, could you mail me your system requirements, what it is used for, and all the hardware and software that will be necessary to set ..	0
I wanted to know if any of you out there can recommend a good book about graphics, still and animated, and in VGA/SVGA.  Thanks in advance	0
# 179 Czech Republic # 180 Republic of Slovakia They were admitted early  this year. Liechenstein was also recently admitted. Also San Marino.  Both within the last 12 months. Incredible what passes for a nation-sta  state nowadays.	3
"...a la Chrysler"?? Okay kids, to the nearest thousand, how many dollars did the government spend to "bail out" Chrysler? More than zero you say?   Bzzzzzzzzzt. Wrong answer.	3
I need a VESA driver for the Diamond Speedstar 24X that works. I've tried several and none work for the hicolor modes.	0
I'll answer you're sarcasm with more sarcasm:   Boy, it looks like the WOD is WORKING REALLY GOOD to stop people from  being screwed up in the head, given that example!  (Issue: your friend _got_ his drugs-legal or not legal, he'll continue to get them. Issue #2: why should _I_, as somebody who does NOT use illegal drugs and who IS NOT "screwed up" have to PAY for this idiot's problems? He's not doing anybody any harm except himself. The WOD, on the other hand, is an immediate THREAT to MY life ..	3
In Article <1993Apr16.075822.22121@galileo.cc.rochester.edu>,  60ns 72 pin simms.  2 configs: 4mb & 8mb. In each case the memory is soldered on the board leaving the 4 simm sockets open. 132mb is the total addressable memory for a 650.	1
Hello all,  If anyone knows of a place to get the case to hold the power supply and motherboard of a Quadra 950 please let me know. I have tried some mail order places and some local stores. Both groups would prefer that I part with over $1000 to get just the case. In my eyes this seems about $600-$700 to much. Any comments? I currently own the guts of a 950.  Please email me or post to this group w/ info,	1
>>I see you are a total ignorant asshole as well.  >^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ It's the sign of a small mind to use filthy  >language when he can't articulate his point.  Oh, no, not in this case. I've noticed that you conveniently edited out your stupid comment that the PRC stands for Cambodia. When we're arguing the Vietnam war and about Cambodia, and you toss in a boner like that (along with your other boners), you are an ignorant asshole.  Oh, and even the Vietnamese agree that they did far more damage..	3
: My 9 yr old son has signed up to do a science report on batteries. I was : wondering if anyone could provide me with some information as to how to : construct a home-built battery. In my grade school days, I remember seeing : the 'ice cube tray' version, but I don't remember what to use as a good : electrolyte or what the easily obtainable metals were.  :  : Thank you in advance.   I remember watching a whole "Mr. Wizzard" program on this subject when I was a kid. The battery constructed on th..	2
Seth> I fail to see any advantage whatsoever with this kind of set-up.  Seth> What a DUMB idea.  So don't buy one.  Kristen    This copy of Freddie 1.2.5 is being evaluated.	1
Like most high-volume manufacturers, Adcom has most of its PC boards assembled off-shore (in their case, mostly in the far east). Final assembly _and testing_ are done in East Brunswick.  The products are, and have always been, designed entirely in the US; by their own staff and by audiophile gurus like Walter Jung. Adcom also tends to prefer American and European components over their Japanese/Far East equivalents.  Off-shore assembly is one reason that Adcom is able to make products that perfo..	2
Replying to A.J. Teel:   Well, the two nifty letters giving concrete proof that the  Income Tax is voluntary and giving specific procedures for  stopping withholding, et cetera have been out there for a  while now.  Humbug. Those letters don't provide "concrete proof" of anything at all in the absence of any case law that demonstrates the method will actu- ally work for ordinary people in everyday situations.  Specifically, show us some case law in which the courts have ruled that income tax is ..	3
:Of course, one again faces the question of how one circumscribes government :power (and keeps it circumscribed) in a complex society when it is in the  :interest of neither capitalists nor consumers to refrain from using  :government power for their own ends. But apart from that little  :conundrum...  Without having a complete answer to this question, I should think it obvious that the first step should be to convince people this would be a desirable result. There are still quite a lot of peopl..	3
They need a hit software product to encourage software sales of the product, i.e. the Pong, Pacman, VisiCalc, dBase, or Pagemaker of multi-media. There are some multi-media and digital television products out there already, albeit, not as capable as 3DO's. But are there compelling reasons to buy such yet? Perhaps someone in this news group will write that hit software :-)	0
Joystick A: 1 +5 VDC 2 Button 1 3 X Axis 4 Ground 5 Ground 6 Y Axis 7 Button 2 8 + 5 VDC Joystick B: 9 +5 VDC 10 Button 1 11 X Axis 12 Ground 13 Y axis 14 Button 2 15 +5 VDC  -  . SLMR 2.1 . Soft judges make hardened criminals.	2
I have an eprom blower made by Logical Devices and the  model name is Prompro-8, but I have lost the manual. Does anyone  have a spare manual that they would like to sell ?	2
The title says it all. I need to know the 44, 88, and 88c rom versions.	1
Considering that Clinton received a draft notice and got out of it (he admits it) the political feasibility of him abolishing it is not something he would be inclined to risk any extra exposure on.   If you read Aviation Week, the C-5 line can be reopened and the C-5s would be delivered a year earlier and cost a billion less for the  program. Politically, though, the C-17 is popular pork.  Agreed. Congress took money from NASA and FHA to fund the second Seawolf. The shipyards are still building ..	3
Well, they claim they are the only radio broadcaster with this information. But the city's cable channel (35 in CableVision areas) shows this information map during travel times (6-9am and 4-7pm, I believe). Most of the major LA freeways are covered. The computer-generated map shows green, yellow, red, or flashing red (respectively: <40mph, 25-40mph, >25mph, and "incident"-I might be off a little on the speeds, since this is from memory).  I often look at this display in the morning to see if I ..	2
I am resending this message because my news program may have goofed the first time.  Terry, I recently bought an LCIII and a Datadesk 101E. I don't remember trying to rebuild the desktop with it, however it did give me a strange problem. When I held down shift during startup to disable all extensions, nothing happened. I tried it with another keyboard, using the same adb connector cable- and it worked with the other keyboard. The shift key on the Datadesk keyboard worked well otherwise. I checke..	1
Does anyone know of a good way (standard PC application/PD utility) to convert tif/img/tga files into LaserJet III format. We would also like to do the same, converting to HPGL (HP plotter) files.  Please email any response.  Is this the correct group?  Thanks in advance. Michael.	0
Cite one of these conflicting statutes. You keep making these assertions, but you haven't supported any of them yet. I am speaking of statutes that conflict with the definition Larry posted.  Why did you delete the code that Larry posted?  Also, the Model Penal Code made perfect sense to me. Were you, perhaps, confused by it?  Also, I am still looking for your definition. The one you used clearly indicates that a fetus is not a human being.   Circular arguments are usually very consistent.    Ag..	3
try finding a friend that has caller id, then give him a call...  jb     Path: shearson.com!uupsi!psinntp!uunet!haven.umd.edu!darwin.sura.net!newsserver.jvnc.net!howland.reston.ans.net!noc.near.net!nic.umass.edu!risky.ecs.umass.edu!umaecs!alee  From: alee@ecs.umass.edu  Newsgroups: sci.electronics  Date: 18 Apr 93 15:04:10 GMT  Lines: 13    Greetings!    Situation: I have a phone jack mounted on a wall. I don't    know the number of the line. And I don't want    to call up the operator to place ..	2
From my rather rusty knowledge of radio, most radio receivers use a superhet  circuit, so that the incoming signal is mixed with a local oscillator, giving  a fixed intermediate frequency (IF) that is more easily amplified. The detector detectors work by picking up IF re-radiated from your radar  detector. In Britain, where one has/used to pay for a TV licence, there  are/were TV detector vans prowling the streets, looking for people who hadn't  paid their licence fee. They had a couple of long ..	2
I'm currently looking for information about different graphics formats, especially PPM, PCX BMP and perhaps GIF. Does anyone know if there exist any files at some site that describes these formats ???  Thanks !	0
We're all set to buy one of these for the office, to use for scanning in color photographs and for optical character recognition. We've played with the original grayscale OneScanner and were very pleased. Is the color model comparable in quality?  Also, what brand of OCR software would you recommend? We're leaning toward Caere OmniPage. Any better ideas? Thanks.	1
This may sound like a simple-minded question, but this is the first time I've ever had a need for this:  I've been designing some relatively simple chip circuits based on things like photoresistors (you know, no light to photoresistor, emit a logic high, etc.).  Anyway, I've got some servos lying around, and I wanted to do some things with them using digital logic. I know all about having to pulse the signal and everything, I just have one problem: I'm assuming I need a negative (yes, negative) ..	2
Some people pay shares that are more "fair" than others, and will continue to do so, even with the presence of President Clinton. Until the rich  elite *hurt* from taxes and shower me with their blood dripping from the wound of the tax dagger, I will scream and yell. Because, taxes are  killing the poor and middle-class, and I'm tired of the wealthy getting a free ride in this country. Sure, they pay a lot of taxes, but I want them to SHARE MY PAIN!!  And, not even Slick Willy is *that* fair, is..	3
Are there significant differences between V2.01 and V2.00 ? Thank you for helping  Marc.	0
[of who else but President of the United States William Jefferson Clinton.]  Tsk. Surely you don't wish for the Democrats to destroy our beloved country just so your party can get some trivial political advantage? That's rather a petty way to think. (Not that this pettiness doesn't extend all the way to the U.S. Senate, I've noticed...)  While Bush was president, I kept hoping and praying that he'd wise up. I couldn't stand the man, but I wish he'd done a decent job; if so, we might not be in th..	3
I don't know about the specific problem mentioned in your message, but I definitely had SCSI problems between my Q700 and my venerable Jasmine Megadrive 10 cartridge drives. My solution was to get Silverlining. None of the loops that involved blind writes worked to the drives; in fact the only loop that worked was the "Macintosh Software" loop (whatever that means).	1
About this QUADRA 700, 800 clock acceleration: has anyone heard of anything like it for the QUADRA 950?  Please reply e-mail, I don't get to the news very often. Thanks!!	1
Don't get too excited; Signetics, not Motorola, gave the 68070 its number. The 68070, if I understand rightly, uses the 68000 instruction set, and has an on-chip serial port and DMA. (It will run at up to 15 MHz-I'm typing at a computer using a 68070 running at that rate, so I know that it can do so-so I seriously doubt the clock rate that ricardo@rchland.vnet.ibm.com claims.)	0
In <C5nGII.BGx@news2.cis.umn.edu> bunt0003@student.tc.umn.edu (Monthian   Perhaps the reason is simple-maybe the marketing people who put together the brochures and price lists weren't clear on the FPU issue.   Afterall, Apple's literature is not always 100% correct. A funny one I noticed recently is that some of the brochures on the Macs with CD capability refer to the "auto inkjet" feature. This should have read "auto inject" feature (as it does on some other correct brochures I've seen from A..	1
The balls are used to reduce the amplitude of oscillations of the wire during periods of high winds. I've seen what looks like paint cans filled with concrete used for the same purpose. Mike Behnke | Senior Tech/Advisor | Quid est illuidin aqua?? Fermi Nat Accel Lab | Equipment Suuport | Batavia, Il. | Computing Div | PISTRIX!! PISTRIX!! BEHNKE@FNALF.FNAL.GOV | |  My opinions are my own, not of the lab. So, if you don't like them, call	2
Wrong...the major improvements for 2.01 and 2.01a are in the use of IPAS routines for 3d studio. They have increased in speed anywhere from 30-200% depending on which ones you use.	0
Hi!...   I am searching for packages that could handle Multi-page GIF files...   Are there any on some ftp servers?  I'll appreciate one which works on PC (either on DOS or Windows 3.0/3.1). But any package works on Unix will be OK..	0
S P H E R I C A L D E S I G N I N G	0
please tell me where you where you FTP'd this from? I would like to have a copy of it. (I would have mailed you, but your post indicates you have no mail address...)	0
Has anyone done a model of the 52 pin version of the 68hc11? It doesn't seem to be too big a job, but if someone else has already done it ...	2
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary  (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) _ For Immediate Release April 17, 1993       INTERVIEW OF THE PRESIDENT  BY MICHAEL WHITELY OF  KDKA-AM RADIO, PITTSBURGH     Pittsburgh International Airport  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania     10:40 A.M. EDT         Q  For everyone listening on KDKA Radio, I'm Mike  Whitely, KDKA Radio News. We're here at the Pittsburgh  International Airport and with me is the President of the United  States Bill Clinton.      And I'd like ..	3
: |>  : |> Is there any way to connect two pointing devices to one serial : |> port? I haven't tried this but I believe they would interfere : |> with each other (?) even if only one at a time would be used.  :  Just get an A-B switch for RS232. Look in Computer Shopper. : They are available fairly cheap. They allow switching between two : serial devices on a single port.  Unfortunately the poster wants to use an internal and an external modem so a switch isn't going to help them. If you aren't ..	0
Isn't name calling fun!  What do you think happened at Watergate? What do you think they broke into the building for? It wasn't to just look around. Do I have to draw you  a picture?  Whatever...  - "Who said anything about panicking?" snapped Authur. Garrett Johnson "This is still just culture shock. You wait till I've Garrett@Ingres.com settled into the situation and found my bearings. THEN I'll start panicking!" - Douglas Adams	3
We need a good concave ->convex polygon conversion routine. I've tried a couple without much luck. Please E-mail responses and I will post a summary of any replies. Thank you.	0
What, pray tell, does this mean? Just who exactly is *they*? You mean "they" as in people who do not blindly swallow every piece of propoganda they are given? Or "they" as in NOKD (not our kind, dear). Or "they" as in an appeal to some audience that is supposed to implicitly know and understand?    Read: I do not know what the fuck I'm talking about, and am not eager to make a fool of myself.     From a pragmatic standpoint, there certainly is some justification if it is a vice people will commi..	3
= Bear with me i'm new at this game, but could anyone explain exactly what DMORF does, does it simply fade one bitmap into another or does it re shape one bitma p into another. Please excuse my ignorance, i' not even sure if i've posted thi s message correctly.	0
In the case of victimless crimes yes, I think so.  Think about it. If I rob or beat up or rape or kill someone, it's very clear to anyone not a sociopath that I've done something immoral. On the other hand, if I smoke grass or have sex with a consenting adult in a manner illegal in that state, the morality or immorality of that act is merely a lifestyle choice; it doesn;t clearly hurt anyone else. IMO, if such an act doesn;t hurt another person it should not be interfered with.   I think so. And..	3
I've recently picked up some TIL311 display chips, but I can't find any information on them. It seems they are no longer made by TI, and I don't have an old enough data book. :-(  It appears to have a dot-matrix led display capable of showing one hex digit. It is in a 14 pin DIP package, but pins 6, 9, and 11 are not present.  If you have any information on this part (pinout, power requirments, functions, ...) please send me e-mail.  Thank You,	2
I want to achieve an overall throughput rate of around 5 megabytes / sec for very large data transfers. (Around 5 MB.)  I have a Quadra 950.  I have a NuBus network card that can pump data in to mac memory at 8.5 MB/s.  (using block-mode transfers) I have a high-speed disk array (no asynchronous PB calls) that can  achieve 6.8 MB/s.  Let's say all transfers go from disk to buffer to network card.  It is not enough to first transfer all the data from the disk to buffer, then transfer all the data..	1
A judge denied GM's new trial motion, even though GM says it has two new witnesses that said the occupant of the truck was dead from the impact, not from the fire.   Thoughts?   It's kind of scary when you realize that judges are going to start denying new trials even when new evidence that contradicts the facts that led to the previous ruling appear.   Or has the judge decided that the new witnesses are not to be believed?  Shouldn't that be up to a jury?   And what about members of the previou..	3
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary _  For Immediate Release April 15, 1993     AMERICAN UNIVERSITY PRESIDENT JOSEPH DUFFEY NAMED TO HEAD USIA,  MICA TO CHAIR BOARD FOR INTERNATIONAL BROADCASTING   Washington, D.C. - President Clinton today announced his  intention to nominate American University President and former  State Department Assistant Secretary Joseph Duffey to be Director  of the United States Information Agency. The President also  designated Daniel Mica Chairman of the B..	3
Is this being done with the motherboard's SCSI interface? If this is possible then a bit of experimenting with just plain old clock oscillators may be in order. Give us some more details please.	1
In responding to the post below I have considered issues far outside the scope of revisionism and principally have considered the political implications of a racist ideology and its inevitable outcome. Thus it is tangentially relevant to soc.history and alt.revisionism but I have directed followups to t.p.m since it is principally consideration of the political lessons to be drawn from the history of the NAZI party that I deal with.     Let us assume for the sake of argument that this was indeed..	3
Hello netters:) Does anyone out there know any FTP sites for projects, plans, etc of an electrical nature?   -Jason	2
With yet another tax being floated by the Clinton administration to pay for new ``free'' social programs, I've really begun to suspect that the Canadians, long resentful of their place in the American shadow, brainwashed an American draft dodger who fled to Canada some time between 1966 and 1968, tutored him in the ways of Canadian socialism, awarded him with smokeless marijuana cigarettes when he got the correct answers, then returned him to the states (under the control of the domineering wife..	3
My boss is considering the purchase of a Powerbook or Duo. He is leaning towards a 180, because of the math coprocessor (for Mathematica), but would get a Duo if he could find a Mini-Dock with a coprocessor. Have any third-parties announced such a beast?	1
My package is based on several articles about non-standard radiosity and some unpublished methods.  The main articles are:  - Cohen, Chen, Wallace, Greenberg :   A Progressive Refinement Approach to fast Radiosity Image Generation  Computer Graphics (SIGGRAPH), V. 22(No. 4), pp 75-84, August 1988  - Silion, Puech  A General Two-Pass Method Integrating Specular and Diffuse Reflection  Computer Graphics (SIGGRAPH), V23(No. 3), pp335-344, July 1989    I do not use hemi-cubes. I have no special hard..	0
Wow, does this mean 2 out of 5 homosexuals will be at the March on Washington? How *very* interesting.  cpk -  It's been 80 days. Do you know where your wallet is?	3
-> According to the TIFF 5.0 Specification, the TIFF "version number" -> (bytes 2-3) 42 has been chosen for its "deep philosophical  -> significance".  -> Last week, I read the Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy, and rotfl the -> second time. (After millions of years of calculation, the second-best -> computer of all time reveals that 42 is the answer to the question -> about life, the universe and everything)  -> Is this actually how they picked the number 42?   -> Does anyone have any other sugge..	0
I remember seeing complete instructions for making PhoneNET adapters,  MIDI adapters and a MacRecorder lookalike. After a short search through Mac.archive and info-mac I failed to see any of the above. Any pointers?	1
You think that you all have it bad....here at good ol' Southwest Missouri State U., we have 2 parties running for student body president. There's the token sorority/fraternity faces, and then there's the president and vice president of NORML. They campaigned by handing out condoms and listing their qualifications as,"I listen really well." It makes me sick to have a party established on many of the things that are ruining this country like they are. I think I'll run next year.:(	3
I use an H11F1 FET optoisolater to switch microphone level signals. There is no click, since I put a .1uF cap across the LED. Distortion measurement are very low with mic level, and they went up to 0.03% at a + 14 dB line level. All I did was put the FET in series with one leg of the balanced line. No hums, pops, just audio jumping out of silence. The FET runs about 100 million ohms with the LED dark and drops to 150-200 ohms with it on.	2
terminated  It is very possible to connect another internal hard disk in any macintosh if you can find the space to put it. I have a IIsi that came with a Quantum 80 meg drive. When I ran into space problems, I slapped in another 40 meg quantum that I had sitting on a shelf. Here is what I did.   First off, I was concerned about space. Since both drives are Quantum quarter height drives, I finally decided that the logical place for them was stacked one upon the other. Fine, they fit snugly. (I h..	1
Help!!!  I have an ADB graphicsd tablet which I want to connect to my Quadra 950. Unfortunately, the 950 has only one ADB port and it seems I would have to give up my mouse.  Please, can someone help me? I want to use the tablet as well as the mouse (and the keyboard of course!!!).  Thanks in advance.	1
-> :  According to a ``CNN Poll'' to key reason for Clinton's low -> : approval rating is people are angry about him not moving fast enough -> : on gays in the military. I just burst out laughing when I heard this; -> : what planet do these CNN people live on anyway? -> : - -> : Jason C. Austin -> : j.c.austin@larc.nasa.gov  ->  -> Dunno, man... that sounds pretty damned unlikely to me, too, -> although it's certainly one of the reasons I'm pissed off at him. -> Maybe the sample was taken entire..	3
I've got a Racet 5.25" MO Drive with a Ricoh RO-5030E mechanism with the new ROMs... The thing is, I have a new TOSOH Optical Disk 512/bytes per sector cart for the thing that refuses to mount or be formatted... all the carts that I have for the drive that work are Racet Certified Media 512k/sector carts... All I can think of is that this TOSOH cart uses some kind of incompatible low level format... anyone know what software will allow this to be formatted on this drive? or a new DIP setting for..	1
#The fact that she was wearing a miniskirt with no underwear was #presented as evidence that she was a prostitute, and the court #apparently found this compelling.  Ah, I know women who wear miniskirts without wearing underwear, and they are not prostitutes.  #Because the judge found that there was some credible evidence that the #Marines were engaged in self-defense. Got it, knucklehead?  Gee, Both Clayton and Kaldis engaging in ad hominem arguments.  I presented evidence that what you said is ..	3
In regards to fractal commpression, I have seen 2 fractal compressed "movies". They were both fairly impressive. The first one was a 64 gray scale "movie" of Casablanca, it was 1.3MB and had 11 minutes of 13 fps video. It was a little grainy but not bad at all. The second one I saw was only 3 minutes but it had 8 bit color with 10fps and measured in at 1.2MB.  I consider the fractal movies a practical thing to explore. But unlike many  other formats out there, you do end up losing resolution. I ..	0
Any thoughts on who is going to count all of the gorgeous bodies at the MOW?  The press? The White House Staff? The most Junior Senator? The King of the motss/bi?    Just curious as to whose bias we are going to see when the numbers  get brought out.     -    bram	3
Hi there,  I am looking for advice on software/hardware package for making,  storing and processing of pictures. The ideal software would allow me to cahnge size of the picture, edit it ( it means add text below, above...)  and the most important is it would have DOS command interface... Thank you in advance... emanuel marciniak the bank of new york..	0
I booked a hotel (Red Roof Inn) last week in Cincinnati (Blue Ash, which is at the northern tip of the metro. Cincy area). I chose it for a few reasons.  1. All hotels in and near Dayton were booked solid.  2. This hotel is only costing $28/night.  3. It was one of about 4 rooms left on the night I reserved.  4. Cincinnati probably has more to to at night than Dayton. I intend  to hit the riverboat entertainment at dusk!  If anyone has other suggestions for nightlife, please let me know of other..	2
Does anyone out there have or know of, any kind of utility program for  Ribbons?   Ribbons are a popular representation for 2D shape. I am trying to find symmetry axis in a given any 2D shape using ribbons.   Any suggestions will be greatly appreciated how to start program.    Thanks very much in advance, Hoi	0
What is the phone number for Alias? A toll-free number is preferred, if available.  Thanks	0
Those rules/regulations/laws would be subject to the same attack: that they are attempting to preempt federal authority to regulate (or not) radio communications. Of course, as the original poster noted, court challenges of this kind can get expensive.	2
...  Another April 1 posting. Ahhh.	2
I'm assuming that you are referring to the 1304S, correct? What kind of flaws have been reported? I've been using mine for about 6-7 months now, and I haven't noticed any problems. Might they develop later, or did I get lucky and snag a good monitor?  Just Curious, john	1
Hello, I realize that this might be a FAQ but I have to ask since I don't get a change to read this newsgroup very often. Anyways for my senior project I need to convert an AutoCad file to a TIFF file. Please I don't need anyone telling me that the AutoCAD file is a vector file and the TIFF is a bit map since I have heard that about 100 times already I would just like to know if anyone knows how to do this or at least point me to the right direction.	0
I was wondering if anyone can shed any light on just how it is that these electronic odometers remember the total elapsed mileage? What kind of memory is stable/reliable enough, non-volatile enough and independent enough (of outside battery power) to last say, 10 years or more, in the life of a vehicle? I'm amazed that anything like this could be expected to work for this length of time (especially in light of all the gizmos I work with that are doing good to work for 2 months without breaking d..	2
THE WHITE HOUSE    Office of the Press Secretary    For Immediate Release April 15, 1993     STATEMENT BY THE PRESS SECRETARY     The President will travel to Pittsburgh on Saturday, April  17 to talk about his job creation plan and its impact on the  state of Pennsylvania, where it would create as many as 3,818  full time jobs and up to 21,240 summer jobs. He will make a  public address at Pittsburgh International Airport at 9:30 am.    The President will leave Washington early Saturday morning..	3
My MacClassic mouse died. I dissected it and determined that it is the microswitch, that senses the click, that is stuck in the depressed mode. This tragedy prompts the following questions:  1. Is it easy to find a microswitch that I could solder into the  place of the old switch ?	1
Of course, free trade and slavery don't make much sense together in a phrase anyway. Perhaps Mr. Depken meant, "low import tariffs," but that is quite a bit less than "free trade."	3
- X-posted to comp.sys.mac.hardware and misc.consumers -  You've heard about Apple's great new customer "support" program. Well, think again. Sometimes the only real support out there is what Apple computer users can give to each other. For another example, read on:  In the March 15th issue of _MacWeek_, Ric Ford described a two-year effort by Liam Breck to document and bring to Apple's attention a problem with certain defective mice. At random, the switches on these mice "stick" in the down pos..	1
Hi, I've come across a fast triangle fill-draw routine for mode 13h. By calling this routine enough times, you have a fast polygon drawing routine.  I think I ftp'ed from wuarchive.wustl.edu:/pub/MSDOS_UPLOADS/programming. I have a copy of it so I reupload it there. The triangle.txt file has this to say :	0
: >over where it places its temp files: it just places them in its : >"current directory".  : I have to beg to differ on this point, as the batch file I use : to launch cview cd's to the dir where cview resides and then : invokes it. every time I crash cview, the 0-byte temp file : is found in the root dir of the drive cview is on.  This is what I posted that cview uses the root directory of the drive cview is on. However, since It has so much trouble reading large files from floppy, I suspect t..	0
Well, it's been a while since this was discussed so i take the liberty of reprinting (without permission, so sue me) Eric Haines reprint of the very interesting discussion of this topic...   /Jonas   O / \ O - X snip snip X -  O \ / O  "Give a man a fish, and he'll eat one day. Give a man a fishing rod, and he'll laze around fishing and never do anything."  With that in mind, I reprint (without permission, so sue me) relevant information posted some years ago on this very problem. Note the early..	0
Don't believe the hype. There is no such thing as a PowerPC slot.	1
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary _ For Immediate Release April 14, 1993     PRESS BRIEFING  BY GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS    The Briefing Room   12:40 P.M. EDT         MR. STEPHANOPOULOS: I guess I'm just prepared to take  questions today.      Q  George, Bob Dole says that the Clinton  administration's policy on Bosnia is a failure and that he wants the  United States to take the lead in lifting the arms embargo so that  the Bosnian Muslims can defend themselves.      MR. STEPHANOPOUL..	3
Yea, thanks to lots of good information in this newsgroup, I was prepared for lots of details (even shipping time ... got my C610 8/230/CD in 5 weeks). I guess my biggest disappointment is the lack of detail in the written specs and documentation. The case load spec is an example - the setup section says Apple 14" and 16" monitors can go on top, but 21" and other big ones can't. Why couldn't they publish a maximum load?  Now if I can figure out if there's any hope using the "partition" button on..	1
Why don't you consider PHIGS in X or PEX lib?	0
Here's something I posted about this a few years ago. It's not fully up to date with all the new variations (some of which are just different manufacturer's synonyms):  - In practical terms, ignoring the technological details, this is my view of the families (NB I am not a giant corporation, which influences my views on things like availability and backward compatibility):  74 The original. Speed good, power consumption fair. Effectively  obsolete now; use 74LS or later, except for a *very* few ..	2
It depends on what kind of the polygons.   Convex - simple, concave - trouble, concave with loop(s)  inside - big trouble.   Of cause, you can use the box test to avoid checking  each edges. According to my experience, there is not  a simple way to go. The headache stuff is to deal with  the special cases, for example, the overlapped lines.	0
I presume it is the M-8870 from Teltone Corporation.  Pin Description  1 + input 2 - input 3 GS (gain select through use of feed back resistor) 4 Vref (reference voltage OUTPUT, about Vdd/2) 5 connect to Vss 6 connect to Vss 7 osc1 clock input 8 osc2 clock output (connect crystal across pins 7 and 8) 9 Vss 10 OE output enable (logic high allows data output) 11 Q1 data output 12 Q2 data output 13 Q3 data output 14 Q4 data output 15 StD Delayed Steering Output (any other company would call this 'd..	2
New England Area Major Flea Market * DATES * 1993 P 1 of 2 All events are Ham Radio/ Electronic related except ___  * 1993 Contact Source *  3 April Upper Saddle River NJ CRRC 9-3 sell @8 Jack W2EHD 201 768 8360 D  4 April Southington CT SARA @HS $20@6:3 $10@8:3 $3@9 N1GCV 203 621 6191 F  17 April Nashua NH NE Antique RC $5@8 $1@9 @ Res Ctr Church Ray 508 865 1290   18 April Cambridge MA FLEA at MIT Nick 617 253 3776 F  buy $2@9A sellers $10/sp@7A $8in adv $35 for season pass  3rd Sunday Each Mo..	2
: My next project is to come up with an IF/detector module for fast - 112 : to 250 kB/sec - packet radio use. No fancy modulation scheme, just : wide FSK for use at 902 or 1296 MHz.  : I'm a bit familiar with the Motorola 3362 chip, but I wonder if there : are newer designs that might work at higher input frequencies.  : My goal is to come up with an inexpensive design for a receiver "back : end" with IF input on one end and an FSK demondulator on the other. I'm : particularly interested in ways..	2
Dynamic RAM is not based on flip-flops; there's basically a single transistor and capacitor to store each bit! Static RAM is based on flip-flops, and is much more expensive and much less dense. And neither has any parts that "move", if electrons and thermal expansion are ignored...   Chris	1
PLease take these and use them. Take advantage of me... I really don't know what they are worth.  Qty 2 - Canoga Perkins Fiber Optic Modems, Model 2250, RS-422  Interface, appear new. I have powered up but that's all,  I have not used them and I cannot tell you whether they  work or not.   Make Offer.........  Qty 1 - ISC Datacom RF Modem, Model 1056-TX1-RX5-SM-120, Interface  RS-449, Internal Fan, powers up fine but otherwise condition  unknown, Phone # for the company is 408-747-0300.   Make O..	2
If you get teh IIvx ->C650 upgrade, does it include a new sticker to cover the IIvx identifier with a Centris 650 indetifier?  jas -	1
I have a 512k VRAM chip for sale. Worked fine in my LCII and will give 256 colors on 640 x 480 size screen. Asking $50. I'll cover postage. Speaking of which, does anyone know what the best way to send a chip is. I have a plastic antistatic sleeve, but what's the best way to send it? In an envelope? First class? All info appreciated.	1
Here's a good one: Does anyone know of a product that allows me to RACK MOUNT my 2CI (or maybe 650 if I blow some more money...) ??? My application is music, and would like to be able to haul it around (would probably plan to get an MO drive or something so I don't have to depend on an internal fixed hard drive - i.e., may be pretty rough on an internal HD...)  I'm in the San Francisco Bay Area, if that matters. Also, anyone have any info on 650's and Midi? And, would anyone care to email me wit..	1
A week or so ago, I posted about a problem with my SE/30: I have 20 megs or true RAM, yet if I set my extensions to use a large amount of memory (total of all extensions) then my system will crash before the finder comes up. What I meant was having a large amount of fonts load, or sounds, or huge disk caches with a control panel other than Apple's memory control panel. Apple's cache is at 64K, mode 32 is on, and so is 32 bit addressing. All extensions work by themselves or with the others until ..	1
THE WHITE HOUSE    Office of the Press Secretary    _    For Immediate Release      April 14, 1993      TEXT OF A LETTER FROM THE PRESIDENT  TO THE SPEAKER OF THE  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND  THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE OF THE SENATE      April 13, 1993      Dear Mr. Speaker: (Dear Mr. President:)    As part of my continuing effort to keep the Congress fully   informed, I am providing this report, consistent with section 4   of the War Powers Resolution, to advise you of actions that I   have or..	3
LBL now offers ethernet support also, although presently it is limited to NE1000/NE2000 style boards. LBL owners can get an update for $8.50.	2
:>re: majority of users not readding from floppy. :>Well, how about those of us who have 1400-picture CD-ROMS and would like to use :>CVIEW because it is fast and it works well, but can't because the moron lacked :>the foresight to create the temp file in the program's path, not the current :>didrectory?   : Actually the most flexible way to create temp files is to check for a TEMP or : TMP environment variable and create the files on the drive and directory pointedto by the variable. This is pr..	0
Ben,  Since you're obviously adept enough to understand how the trackball works, the only thing short of repairing it that I can think of is a thorough cleaning of all the parts, and then checking for the proper placement of the little blue rollers. Since they aren't fixed in position on their stainless steel pins, you might try sliding them into a slightly different position. On my PowerBook 100, I can slide them almost completely out of contact with the trackball. In fact, one of the notes fro..	1
I believe it goes or will go: 680060 powerPC Pentium 680040 486 680030 386 680020 286=680000  In a resent article in one of the macMags I think a 50mHz 030 accelerator was  slightly slower than a 25mHz 040 accel. But, this is using a system designed  for the 030. So, It stands to reason that a system designed for an 040 ie  quadra) would do better. So overall I'd figure 040 = 030 * 2.5 or so.  Along the same lines the new POwerPC stuff is supposed to run the system  at the level of a fast quadra..	1
Yo-earth to Clayton-*my* philosophy? I have never discussed this with you. I know it's a minor point, but, gee, dude, you have no idea what economic and political principles I adhere to. But don't let that stop you-you're on a roll. Just ascribe to me whatever you want-I know you'll choose wisely. After all, I *do* believe in personal responsibility.    Duh. What else would you *expect* a socialist to do?     (a) Just when and where have I encouraged people not to be responsible for themselves? ..	3
Actually, it's a bit more complicated than that...I sounds to me, your UPS takes in AC, rectifies it to DC to charge the batteries, and then takes the battery DC and chops it to AC again, feeding your equipment. This approach is the easiest and cleanest way to switchover from the mains to battery once your power kicks out since, as you mentioned, nothing will know about what happened down the line.  Another way to do the UPS scheme is to use the mains until you lose power, and then kick in the b..	2
Where did you hear this? I seem to have missed it.   No. Will L.A. burn? No. (Regardless of the verdict.)   Count your blessings.	3
I have to beg to differ on this point, as the batch file I use to launch cview cd's to the dir where cview resides and then invokes it. every time I crash cview, the 0-byte temp file is found in the root dir of the drive cview is on.  just my $0.13, cb	0
)Do you know what frequencies chanels 17 to 19 use and what is usually  )allocated to those frequencies for broadcast outside of cable?  17 is air comm. 18 is amateur 19 is business and public service	2
well folks, my mac plus finally gave up the ghost this weekend after starting life as a 512k way back in 1985. sooo, i'm in the market for a new machine a bit sooner than i intended to be...  i'm looking into picking up a powerbook 160 or maybe 180 and have a bunch of questions that (hopefully) somebody can answer:  * does anybody know any dirt on when the next round of powerbook introductions are expected? i'd heard the 185c was supposed to make an appearence "this summer" but haven't heard any..	1
Apple dealerships once had kits to replace the soldered in batteries with a battery  holder.	1
Hi all,  I'm an assistant manager at a local art theater here in Columbus. I'd like to expand our show automation a bit- namely add the capability to use cue tapes to bring the houselights up. Our current automation consoles date from the early 60's and don't provide this function.  We already have the combo failsafe/contact rollers to read the cuetapes, and our dimmer system will raise the houselights when its fade-up control circuit (120 VAC) is momentarily closed, for at least 0.5 second.  I'..	2
Archive-name: graphics/resources-list/part1 Last-modified: 1993/04/17   Computer Graphics Resource Listing : WEEKLY POSTING [ PART 1/3 ] = Last Change : 17 April 1993  Many FAQs, including this Listing, are available on the archive site pit-manager.mit.edu (alias rtfm.mit.edu) [18.172.1.27] in the directory pub/usenet/news.answers. The name under which a FAQ is archived appears in the Archive-name line at the top of the article. This FAQ is archived as graphics/resources-list/part[1-3]  There's ..	0
NuBus is a much more robust system for system for installing multiple cards without configuration problems. I know that when I was checking into expasion options for an SI there were a number of PDS video cards that would not work with certian Dual slot cache adapters.	1
Hi there,  I am looking for a wide band analog time delay (not phase delay) variable from 200 microseconds to 2 milliseconds.	2
) ) )>The official and legal term for rape is "the crime of forcing a FEMALE  )>to submit to sexual intercourse." ) )Please, supply me with some references. I was not aware that all states )had the word "FEMALE" in the rape statutes. I am sure others are surprised )as well. I know thats how it works in practice (nice-n-fair, NOT!!), but )was unaware that it was in the statutes as applying to FEMALES only, )uniformly throughout the U.S.  I agree mostly with Chris. It is (unfortunately, IMO) true ..	3
This is a followup post to something I've written previously. Several people responded with good information, but I don't think I communicated  exactly what I am looking for.  I'm working on a custom I/O device that will communicate with a host via RS-232. My custom circuitry will use an 80C186EB or EC CPU and require about 64K of RAM (preferably FLASH RAM). In looking around, I see that lots of people have engineered UART-CPU-ROM-RAM subsystems that are ready to be interfaced to your custom I/O..	2
The magnet trick will work. Be careful when you apply the white tape to the rubber carriage roller, it tells the scanner where the edge is and it can come off.  Jim	1
The title says it all. Contact me via EMAIL if you would can help me out...  Mike Harpe University of Louisville  P.S. I KNOW IT IS DISCONTINUED. I want someone who would like to sell  an old copy.	2
# #From the Santa Rosa (Cal.) Press-Democrat, April 15, 1993, p. B2: # # # # Male sex survey: Gay activity low # # # # A new natonal study on male sexual behavior, the most thorough # # examination of American men's sexual practices published since # # the Kinsey report more than four decades ago, shows about 2 # # percent of the men surveyed had engaged in homosexual sex and # # 1 percent considered themselves exclusively homosexual. # # # # The figures on homosexuality in the study released We..	3
When did Bill start doing endorsements?   Will he do the "Remington Shaver" ad?	3
Thanks, Steve, for your helpful and informative comments on Mac stereo sound.  Too bad some developers aren't addressing the problem.  This did make my trusty old Mac II superior to the Quadra I replaced it with in one way though! :)   Thanks,	1
I know what the 68HC811E2 is all about, but I'm trying to figure out what the 68SEC811E2 is... specifically, what does the SEC stand for?	2
Has anyone tried or does anyone know if this procedure will work on an SE/30? Mine's old, slow, and in need of either death or power.  -Kelley- -  - Thomas Kelley Boylan, PowerPC, IBM Austin, (512) 838-1869	1
I am currently using POVRay on Mac and was wondering if anyone in netland knows of public domain anti-aliasing utilities so that I can skip this step in POV, very slow on this machine. Any suggestions, opinions about post-trace anti-aliasing would be greatly appreciated.	0
RIX's files with the extension .sci and .scf are just a RAW file with a 256 color palette. The first 10 bytes is a kind of header, with the name RIX among 7bytes unknown stuff. The you have 768 bytes of palette info (3*256 for the colors RGB) and then you have the picture in raw format. If you dont know how to make a viewer of of this description you can get VPIC it is able to read the files!	0
I also use Retrospect, but I noticed that Central Point Software's "MacTools Backup" also supports the Apple tape drive under 7.x.  The Apple tape drive is quite slow, so the advantages of Retrospect relative to the simpler MacTools Backup are less significant than  might be the case for someone backing up a large server to a DAT drive.   Used Apple tape drives are going for _$100, so it might make less economic sense to pay an extra _$140 for Retrospect when MacTools  is cheaper and includes ot..	1
: Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in favor of : doing this. I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading : this group, from code to hardware to algorithms. I just think making 5 : different groups out of this is a wate, and will only result in a few posts : a week per group. I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum : for discussing all aspects of graphics. Anyone else feel this way? : Just curious.   : Daemon  What he said...  -	0
You're correct, except that's Quadra 800 not Centris 800.	1
This was the Pathe you are thinking of, although there were other imitators. It didn't wear the disks any more than conventional acoustic designs, but it did have a high noise level due to the continual hiss of escaping air. There are a lot of them still operating, and they are pretty ingenious.	2
No, it's a sign of aristocrtic out-of-touchness with the middle class. You ask George Herbert Walker Bush about that.  And that's not his full name? What, then, is it?  - "Even Quayle had his honeymoon period. It lasted a full 48 hours  after he was chosen as Bush's running mate."	3
I don't know about everybody else, but to me, they should have been convicted BECAUSE of the evidence, which in my mind was quite sufficient.	3
Yes, I saw today in 6 o'clock news on KCBS here in San Francisco this statistic quoted.   2.2% men had sex with another man. 1.3% cinsider themself homosexual.  I understand of course that because this statistic goes against common believe and not PC-correct it must be complete BS.  Thx  vlad	3
Archer> How about "Interactive Sex with Madonna"?  or "Sexium" for short.  /Lars	0
Noooooooo! I've been servicing Macs for years too, and I've had to repair a number of motherboards that had been damaged this way. It's rare, but it does happen.  Mind you, this doesn't mean you shouldn't do it. The parts that can blow (the ADB power fuse and RF filter) aren't too expensive, so IF you have a someone around who can do component-level repair, it may be worth the risk (especially if you're around Seattle, 'cause you might get to pay *me* to fix it :-)).. On the other hand, if your ..	1
Hi,   Wonder how much money is being spent at Waco by BATF ?  Are we paying because BATF messed up and have made this a prestige issue ??   Girish    -   Girish Kumthekar  Unix Technical Support	3
I would appreciate some help in locating a telephone controlled power bar for my PC. The unit would power up the PC when the telephone rings and keep it up as long as the telephone connection is present.  I also need to be able to power up this same PC through the use of an external timer. I can supply power or a contact closure to do this.  I will summarize and post the results of this query here.  Thank you.	2
An review of both the Mac and Windows versions in either PC Week or Info World this week, said that the Windows version was considerably slower than the Mac. A more useful comparison would have been between PhotoStyler and PhotoShop for Windows. David	0
Please excuse and redirect me if this has already been answered, but is there a small utility that switches the functionality of the caps-lock key and the ctrl key on the powerbook keyboard? I use the ctrl key far more than caps-lock, so it would be more convenient and comfortable. Thank you for any help, Scott Farrar	1
There is a vast literature on Delaunay triangulations, literally hundreds of papers. A program is even provided with every copy of  Mathematica nowadays. You might look at this if you are interested in  using it for creating 3D objects:	0
I was having a look through a couple of components catalogues when I came across a range of Peltier Effect heat pumps intended for cooling components. For those who have not heard of this effect, you put a current through one of these devices, and it pumps heat from one side to the other. Reverse the current and you reverse the effect. I think a temperature difference can give you an EMF as well.  Anyway, it struck me that you could make a nice cool/hot box for picnics with one of these, a power..	2
ri    I do agree with you, in a way. The war on drugs has failed, but in my opinion, that doesn't mean we have to give up. Only change the tactics.  For instance, here are how some penalties should be changed.  Dealing Coke - Death Dealing Heroin - Death Dealing Pot - Death Dealing Crack - Death  The list goes on and on!!!......  JUST KIDDING!!!  However, on a more serious note, I do believe that we should take some money  away from the foriegn operations in South America and costly border  inte..	3
I'll contact you offline about this.	0
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary _ For Immediate Release April 14, 1993       REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT  AT SUMMER JOBS CONFERENCE        Hyatt Regency  Crystal City, Virginia    11:22 A.M. EDT       THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. The speech that  Octavius gave says more than anything I will be able to say today  about why it's important to give all of our young people a chance to  get a work experience and to continue to learn, to merge the nature  of learning and work; why i..	3
I am looking for a copy of the following Siggraph publication: Gomez, J.E. "Comments on Event Driven Annimation," Siggraph Course Notes, 10, 1987.  If anyone knows of a location where I can obtain a copy of these notes, I would appreciate if they could let me know. Thanks.	0
Hi. I think I have a problem with the stereo sound output on my Quadra 900, but I am not totally sure because my roomate has the same problem on his PowerBook 170. Any info or experience anyopne has would be greatly appreciated.  When I hook my Quadra up to my home stereo system, the following types of sounds (mono, as far as I can tell) all play fine through BOTH speakers:  system beeps (already provided ones such as Indigo and ones I record)  Armor Alley Spectre Spaceward Ho!   But, the follow..	1
BUT... If you are in the habit of trying to repair old and obsolete machines, the old data books are a goldmine of information you can not get anywhere else. If you are trying to find a modern replacement for an obsolete part, the original specs really come in handy. Design out of the new books but save the old ones (or donate them to a ham).  If anybody in Phoenix disagrees, I'll drive over and help them 'get rid' of all their old data books.	2
The PowerBook 170 4/40 with Fax/Data modem is available thru CitiBank's CitiDollars catalog for $1995.00 + $19.95 S/H (+ 500 CitiDollars).  The modem is 2400 bps data, 9600 bps fax (send only).	1
I've been looking into getting a portable Mac to do some work and I've had my eye on the PB 100. Lately, I've been seeing people with the old portables, and they're selling for $300 LESS that the PB 100s. What I want to know is: what are the differences between them? All I know is that the Portable is heavier, but the PB100 doesn't have an internal drive. Here's what I NEED to know:  Does the portable support Appletalk/network connections? What's the CPU inside a Portable? (68000?) DOES THE PORT..	1
If you want to see environmental disasters, go to eastern Europe or some parts of the FSU (former Soviet Union). This is because they had no environmental protection laws and were trying to increase productivity at any expense to justify their political systems. Luckily for us, some of our politicians with vision passed some environmental laws. That isn't to say that they shouldn't be modified, but all I ever hear from you is that the environmental laws were dreamed up by a bunch of left-wing tr..	3
re: majority of users not readding from floppy. Well, how about those of us who have 1400-picture CD-ROMS and would like to use CVIEW because it is fast and it works well, but can't because the moron lacked the foresight to create the temp file in the program's path, not the current didrectory?	0
# # # And now those "other options" don't exist. We probably agree on this # # # more than you think-welfare was invented to solve a problem of the # # # 30's, but the poverty is now so much worse, and our economic infra- # # # structure has been so eroded, that it just can't keep up any more. #  # # You mean, since your philosophy took over, the economy has almost # # collapsed. #  # Excuse me, *my* philosophy? You don't have any idea what *my* philosophy # is. The American economy has had its ..	3
XC units are often pre-production sample devices. Those are normally distributed for evaluation as freebies and are not guaranteed to meet every spec.   Yep, that's for sure...that's one thing I like most about Motorola.	2
It sounds like your TV is one of the ones that also reacts to the video  protection. (Poor you!)  The Macroscrubber from Radio Electronics removes the protection so you  souldn't have any more problems. However, if you use the method of  copying it from one VCR to another where the second VCR doesn't react to  the protection, you will end up with a duplicate tape, including the  protection.  One thought comes to mind about your problem... When playing the tape  for viewing, are you feeding the s..	2
Does GX take the place of 32 bit QD or add to it? Right now 32 bit is kinda aesthetically a pain in a few places because of hacks upon hacks to maintain compatibility with original QD-I think of things like where you have to cast CGrafPorts to GrafPorts and such. It would be a lot cleaner to ditch this entire mess and start over-do we get that?	1
There is a new version of the RTrace ray-tracing package (8.2.0) at asterix.inescn.pt [192.35.246.17] in directory pub/RTrace. Check the README file.  RTrace now can use the SUIT toolkit to have a nice user interface. Compile it with -DSUIT or modify the Makefile. SUIT is available at suit@uvacs.cs.virginia.edu I have binaries of RTrace with SUIT for SUN Sparc, SGI Indigo and DOS/GO32. Please contact me if interested.  *  The MAC RTrace 1.0 port is in directory pub/RTrace/Macintosh Thanks to Rei..	0
I have a stereo compressor-limiter by  Audio Logic (Model MT-66). The gates work, but the compressor seems to be gone on one channel, and very weak on the other.   I'll probably need an ocsilloscope to trace it down (no pun intended), but if any one with experience with this type of equipment could point me in a certain direction as to where the  circuit is most likely to fail, I'd sure appreciate it.   -  Robert C. Stephens  rob@dexter.psych.umn.edu	2
What do you mean by "police band" - there is no such thing.  Anyway, radar detectors work in shared bands. If you applied your test, all of those radar operated door openers in malls would be illegal.  One of the great problems here is that there are too many ill-educated (read illiterate) people making too many laws about subjects on which they are incompetent - there may well be laws refereing to "police bands", they are almost certainly local in scope (state or county) - created by well-meani..	2
The problem is this: After starting up my machine it gives a high pitched sound once at the desktop also it only does it when the mouse is up or a menu is not showing.  as if I click the mouse the noise goes away for the amount of time the mouse is down. also this problem only happens for about 5-10 minutes.	1
Question for those familiar with Quadra VRAM:  I put 2 256K VRAM SIMMs in my Quadra 700 (in the 2 slots closest to the RAM SIMM slots) and I got no results whatsoever. I have been told that the built-in video should support at least 16bit and maybe 24bit color on a Macintosh Color Display. However, the Monitors control panel still lists 8bit (256 colors) as the highest possible.  Does it make any difference which slots you put the SIMMs in? Do you have to do something to activate them? Do you ha..	1
Hi everyone. Just the other day, I ordered a VRAM chip for my new LCIII from Mac Connection. They sent it overnight (very nice) and I got it installed, and we found that it didn't work properly. When you put the computer in  thousands mode, the bottom of the screen (using the new chip) is all flickering and fuzzy. So I called them up and I'm going to return it for a new one.  My question is, how often does such a thing happen with SIMM chips in general? Do you often find when ordering chips that..	1
[Procedural note: Ted directed followups to misc.legal only. While I respect his right to do so, my own opinions are that (1) "Followup-To" fields are mere suggestions, not mandatory commands and (2) this issue is of sufficient (a) general political relevance and (b) civil liberties interest to warrant keeping it active in t.p.m and a.s.c-l as well, at least for this round.]    Okay, now here's my interpretation of _Boomer_, based on the facts as presented in the New York Court of Appeals<*> hol..	3
Does anybody know where I can get, via anonymous ftp or otherwise, a PostScript driver for the graphics libraries GINO verison 3.0A ?  We are runnining on a VAX/VMS and are looking for a way outputing our plots to a PostScript file...   Thanks in advance...	0
Can anyone tell me what the difference is between a 256K DRAM chip and a 256K SIMM? I need the former (I think) to add memory to my Laserwriter LS. Someone is offering to sell me 256K SIMMS he removed from an SE, but I have a feeling this may not be the correct form of memory. The sockets in the Laserwriter look like they want the spidery-shaped chips (there are 4 sockets, each with, as I recall, 20 pins, arranged in two rows of 10). Believe it or not, I've never actually seen a SIMM. Help appre..	1
Does anyone know the details of the interface (5 wire din) for the IR remote sensor & (2 wire IR repeater) for the ADCOM GTP-500II preamp? The ADCOM part numbers are the XR-500II, SPM-500II, and  IRA-500II.  A cursory physical examination of the pre-amp connector indicates that the connector (5 pin din) may provide: (Viewed from connector front)   |  5 1 (pin ?) +?v @ ???mA  4 2 (pin ?) +/-?v @ ???mA  3 (pin 3) Signal Ground  (pin ?) Demodulated signal ?V-pp, ? polarity, ? mA drive  (pin ?) Sign..	2
Does anyone know of a site where I could ftp some RenderMan shaders? Or of a newsgroup which has discussion or information about RenderMan? I'm new to the RenderMan (Mac) family, and I'd like to get as much info I can lay my hands on. Thanks!   Andy Bates.   - Andy Bates.	0
Agreed.    It is a failure of libertarianism if the ideology does not provide any reasonable way to restrain such actions other than utopian dreams. Just as Marxism "fails" to specify how pure communism is to be achieved and the state is to "wither away," libertarians frequently fail to show how weakening the power of the state will result in improvement in the human condition.   This is a strawman argument and fails on several grounds. In this case, "limited" and "big" government are not define..	3
{Send follow ups to comp.sys.mac.advocacy. Sorry about the header but the  Pnews here does not let one easily change the headers and I gave up after a  year of trying. This sheet is also available by FTP on sumex-aim.stanford.edu  (36.44.0.6) in the info-mac/report as mac-ibm-compare177.txt.} Mac & IBM Info-Version 1.7.7  The reason for this general data sheet is to consolidate and condense the  information out there, so that people in both camps can be clear and accurate  about what they are sa..	1
Motorola has a good app note on a 10 band equalizer using a 56000 DSP. It could be easily ported to an Ariel board, or even a Turtle Beach 56K development system.	2
: On December 29, 1992, it was illegal to operate a radar detector : in the state of Virginia. If one got caught, one got fined $65.00. : Ask me how I know.  The Federal Communications Act of 1934 made it *legal* for you to operate a radio receiver of any kind, on any frequency (including X, K, and Ka bands) in the United States. The Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1989(?) restricted the FCA of 1934 by making it illegal to receive the land-mobile telephone service, including (I believe)..	2
Hey everybody:   I want to buy a mac and I want to get a good price...who doesn't? So, could anyone out there who has found a really good deal on a Centris 650 send me the price. I don't want to know where, unless it is mail order or areound cleveland, Ohio. Also, should I buy now or wait for the Power PC.  Thanks. BoB reply via post or e-mail at rrn@po.cwru.edu -  -  Robert Novitskey | "Pursuing women is similar to banging one's head rrn@po.cwru.edu | against a wall...with less opportunity for ..	1
#Compared to the table I have already posted from Masters, Johnson, #and Kolodny showing male homosexual partners, it is apparent that #homosexual men are dramatically more promiscuous than the general #male population.   Did you ever consider the selection effect that those who are willing to admit to being a member sexual minority (homosexuality) are more willing to admit to being a member of another sexual minority (highly promiscious)?   I didn't think that you did.	3
William December Starr writes...  in a typical lawyer baiting fashion, as usual.   (All the while ignoring every principle of the ACLU.)  Good to see your still out there WDS. Surely we've been around the ring enough by now, that you know  you can't spin me up with expletives.   Let's see if there's anything left worth responding to...   E for effort. Heard about the folks who live around foghorns and  airports?   Seems right in character to me - creature of the state.  Btw, are you still happy ..	3
Yes, I have! Wasn't there a case of a single lion ruling all the land from South Africa up to Egypt across to the congo? If my memory serves me correctly there was enough game to feed some 100,000 or more lions but he wouldn't let the other lions hunt as he wanted it all himself.  He died of a heart attack brought on by being overweight.  Good thing too as he had designs on Europe, America (north and south), and the Falkland Islands.	3
Here's one I hope some knowledgeable readers will make a comment or contribution to:  In the State of Virginia radar detectors are illegal, period. If you are caught with one it will be confiscated on the spot and will not be returned until after you appear in court and pay your fine.  The fine for having a radar detector accessible in a motor vehicle (even if it is not on) is $250.00. Sorry, tourist, ignorance of the law is no excuse - they will get you too!  It used to be that the only way the..	2
a friend of mine has eight (8) 4mb 70ns simms for sale for $105/each or best offer. since techworks sells these puppies for $140/ea., you may want to contact him directly at:  steve epstein 895-6236 days 706-2436 evenings  thanks, bruce l.	1
CALL FOR PRESENTATIONS    NAVY SCIENTIFIC VISUALIZATION AND VIRTUAL REALITY SEMINAR     Tuesday, June 22, 1993    Carderock Division, Naval Surface Warfare Center   (formerly the David Taylor Research Center)     Bethesda, Maryland  SPONSOR: NESS (Navy Engineering Software System) is sponsoring a  one-day Navy Scientific Visualization and Virtual Reality Seminar.  The purpose of the seminar is to present and exchange information for Navy-related scientific visualization and virtual reality progr..	0
DEC did this on their new alpha chip. I'm sure you could call them up and ask them how they did it (haha).  Actually, there are some details in their article in IEEE Journal of Solid-State Circuits. I think it was sometime around Nov. 1992.	2
Why is this surprising? Then the _Times_ can get a few more Pulitzers the same way they did last year. -	3
What hardware do plan to run on? Workstation or PC? Cost level? Run-time licensing needs?  Bob	0
Taft Electronics, 45th Street between 5th & 6th - the only one left in what was once an entire district of electronics stores. A little expensive.  Trans-Am Electronics, Canal Street near 7th Ave - lots of surplus type stuff.  Several other electronics or "surplus" type places are still on Canal Street.  I think Bronx Wholesale Radio is still in business - Fordham Road not too far from Arthur Avenue in the Bronx. Also in the Bronx is NorthEastern (or was it Northwestern? Northeast Electronics?) ..	2
Nationwide, the immunization rate among toddlers is about 50%, but  it is reportedly as low as 10% in some inner-city neighborhoods.  I bet more than 10% kids living in such neighborhoods are already   covered by Medicaid.   Here in Massachussets, we have had a universal immunization program,  the kind of Clinton seems to be proposing, for many years (two decades?).  Mass' immunization rate is 65%. What about the other 35%? I guess  some parents are indeed too ignorant or too lazy , or simply do..	3
Just a shot here, but ya never know:  I once bought a (REAL) cheap equalizer / power amp for my car tape player  at one of those motel-room truckload sales, and it sounded great. For a  while, that is. Then one channel quit entirely. I opened it up, and the  amplifier chip for the bad channel had simply melted some of its solder  joints attaching it to the PCB. I soldered them back and it worked fine.  I just had to keep the volume a bit lower than I did before. Probably  lousy heat sinking.  Yo..	2
I am making a search for a CAD program that does a decent job of making schematic drawings. The program needs to be in MS-DOS, Windows if possible.  What I want the CAD program to do is to draw diagrams by dragging elements onto the screen, and in this the elements needed are as diverse as vacuum tubes to ICs (case with pins). It also needs to have provision for adding legends to the components as well as their values. In other words I want to produce quality drawings. Printout would be to eithe..	2
I'm looking for the following paper:  Marlow, S. and Powell, M.J.D. A FORTRAN subroutine for plotting the part of a conic that is inside a given triangle. Rep. R-8336, Atomic Energy Res. Establishment, Harwell, England 1976  Or anything related (including 3D cases)  Max - - Max Froumentin | Laboratoire d'Informatique | "Always better, never first."  Fondamentale de Lille | - Tigran Petrossian France |	0
I would like more info on this if anybody has it. Our Exabyte 8500 tapedrive has never been working from the Quadra 950. We have been trying it since September 1992, replaced cabling, inits, I don't know what all. All the "industry experts" we phoned (the tapedrive dealer, our Apple dealer, the software dealer) all say it's our fault, or they don't know. The last thing they said was that we needed a special Quadra SCSI terminator (???). Anybody know more? Thanks,	1
Any new reports about iisi clock upgrade to 25 mhz, 33 mhz? Any failures?	1
:  :  : I really don't know where to post this question so I figured that : this board would be most appropriate. : I was wondering about those massive concrete cylinders that : are ever present at nuclear poer sites. They look like cylinders : that have been pinched in the middle. Does anybody know what the : actual purpose of those things are?. I hear that they're called : 'Cooling Towers' but what the heck do they cool? : I hope someone can help  :- During the nuclear fission reaction the ura..	2
Here is a list of the FirstClass systems in Illinois:  Chicago Machine Chicago, IL (312) 233-9607 Insane Domain Chicago, IL (312) 274-9515 MAC Universe BBS Chicago, IL (312) 235-6794 The NET Rockford, IL (815) 968-4729 MacTRIPP Wilmette, IL (708) 251-4158 Innovators Vernon Hills, IL   (708) 918-1231  If anyone wants the numbers to more FirstClass systems, I would be glad to post the complete list. - Jason Hyerstay - Adrenaline Admin	1
I plan to post a summary of responses to this as soon as I have working code, which I will also include. The intersection of 3 planes method looks best, but my implementation based on a short article in  Graphics Gems I doesn't work. I may be misinterpreting, of course.  I had avoided the simultaneous solution of the plane equations in favor of dot and cross products, but the former may actually be better. In either case a matrix determinant needs to be computed (implicitly in the solution of li..	0
I have seen several ray-traced scenes (from MTV or was it  RayShade??) with stroked fonts appearing as objects in the image. The fonts/chars had color, depth and even textures associated with them. Now I was wondering, is it possible to do the same in POV??   Thanks,	0
Hi. I was doing research on subliminal suggestion for a psychology paper, and I read that one researcher flashed hidden messages on the TV screen at 1/200ths of a second. Is that possible? I thought the maximum rate the TV was even capable of displaying images was 1/30th of a second. (or 1/60th of a second for an image composed of only odd or even scan lines)	2
##It should be noted that NAMBLA has not been present in the ##other 600 or so gay parades in the nation. While I view this ##as an isolated event, I am very troubled by its reccurence.    Thank you for correcting the error in my post to the net. This information came from a newspaper article that was fuzzy in my mind. I can only wonder if there have been similar outcries about NAMBLA's presence in the parades of New York and Boston.  Yours in Liberation from Molestation,  Mark  North American M..	3
Hi there, I have a mac 512 with a burned out part which looks like a voltage regulator. The part number is BU 406 and I believe the vender is SGS thomas judging by teh SGS logo printed on the package. If anyone has teh spec for this part I would greatly appreciate an email with the import info so I can find a replacement. Thanx in advance.  -Dave dnewman@lynx.northeastern.edu	2
I just hooked up my Mac IIsi to a relatively old (1 year?) Asante EN/SC adapter. The 10Base-T connection works like a charm. I installed the newest drivers from Asante's ftp server.  The problem begins when I attach one more device to the SCSI chain - specifically a 50MB drive. I power up the drive, then the Mac. The Mac tests memory, etc. Just before the "happy Mac face" normally shows up, the power light on the EN/SC goes out, and the boot process stops. So I can use the network, or the extern..	1
And the reason that the Soviet Union couldn't achieve the ideal of pure communism was the hostility of surrounding capitalist nations...Uh huh. Somehow, this all sounds familiar. Once again, utopian dreams are  confronted by the real world...	3
Candidate Clinton promised to tax the rich, and most folks thought that was a pretty nifty idea. Then President Clinton said he wanted families who make more than $100,000 to bear 70% of the new tax burden, and many were quick to complain that their six-figure income does not make them one of the well-to-do. It's particularly ironic (to me) that it's in those traditionally liberal enclaves of the Bay Area and academia where the wealthy are struggling so to fit themselves into the mantle of "just..	3
Very simple. An 'Insurance Commissioner' is a bureaucrat - a regulator. It is his/her duties to make rules to enforce laws. He/she cannot make laws. If there is no law that covers a specific subject, say scam insurance companies, a regulator cannot create one. So they have to go to a proper legislative body to get such a law enacted. For the California Insurance Commissioner, there are two possible legislative bodies: the California State Legislature and the U.S. Congress. We all know how little..	3
DAMN RIGHT it doesn't! Ohm's come from the greek letter omega, which is used for resistance/impedance.  Of course, the original poster MAY have been being facetious (let's hope so).	2
Hi. I own an LCIII and I recently heard an interesting rumor. I heard that the LCIII has a built in slot for a PowerPC chip. Is this true? I heard that the slot is not the same as the PDS slot. Is that true?	1
This is indeed one function, but more sophisticated ones do level control and ground-lift (separating the keyboard and mixer earths) aswell.   Simple ones are just that - a transformer. A decent quality audio trans- former will cost most of that $50. They are wired thus...    HOT -| |- HOT  )||(  Input from )||( Balanced out to mixer  Keyboard )||(  | |- COLD  |  GND -|- GND  The ground-lift switch disconnects the GND line from the mixer. The transformer ratio depends on the precise application,..	2
The 68070 is a variation of the 68010 that was done a few years ago by the European partners of Motorola. It has some integrated I/O controllers and half a MMU, but otherwise it's a 68010. Think of it the same as the 8086 and 80186 were.    Burkhard Neidecker-Lutz	0
> Hi there,  > Can anyone tell me where it is possible to purchase controls found  > on most arcade style games. Many projects I am working on would  > be greatly augmented if I could implement them. Thanx in advance.   HAP controls just outside Chicago sells these. I don't remember which suburb they are in. The prices are pretty reasonable and they are easy to hook up. I bought a new coin mechanism from them for $25.00 a couple of years ago.	2
Opps! typed in the phone numbers wrong. Here are the correct numbers.     303-530-9000     505-277-6563	0
Hi net! Due to further investigation I would like to study the following article:  Peterson, "Ray tracing general B-Splines",  Proc. ACM Mountain Regional Conference, April 1986 Unfortunately I didn't find it in any library's register. If there is anyone having access to this paper or knowing about a library containing those proceedings (preferrably in Germany), please  let me know! Any help would be appreciated!   Thanks a lot,  Joerg Haber	0
long disk   I don't know how many times I've posted this the net. No one EVER listens.   Once and for all: Floptical Media is only $1.40 a megabyte if you don't know where to buy it. I am bying my flopticals at $30 per 2 disks. I see that as $.75 a meagabyte, NOT $1.40. No, I'm not buying in bulk, I'm not getting a special deal. $.75 a meg is good in my book, Approching floppy price.  Any questions on my source can be sent to ctr@po.cwru.edu.	1
I'm getting ready to buy a multimedia workstation and would like a little advice. I need a graphics card that will do video in and out under windows. I was originally thinking of a Targa+ but that doesn't work under Windows. What cards should I be looking into?  Thanks, Craig	0
I am going to be getting a C650 soon, but I don;t want Apple  to come out with the Cyclones and the Tempest in a month and have the price drop on the system I want. I have negotiated a  good deal with a supplier for a C650 8/80 and I would like to jump on it, but, again, I don't want the price drop to smuther me. BTW, the deal I have is a C650 8/80 with mouse for $2295... does anyone know of a better deal?  thanks,	1
This statement is just so blatantly disgusting and free of any implicit neural activity that I will almost completely ignore it.     Sigh. It's so amusing to watch bigots point fingers at what they imagine to be other bigots. I do believe this person meant "bean *counting*". And are you trying to suggest that only Hispanics eat beans? Or that they even have a monopoly on eating beans? Or that this person is seriously promoting what is obviously a tongue-in-cheek .sig?  You must have a brain some..	3
What about the common joystick found in all computer shops?	2
Just because the 68070 can run upto 15Mhz doesn't mean the CD-I is running at that speed. I said -> I understand it is a 68070 running at something like 7Mhz. I am not sure, but I think I read this a long time ago.   Anyway, still with 15Mhz, you need sprites for a lot of tricks for making cool awesome games (read psygnosis).	0
First of all, realize that Tesla invented AC power generators, motors, transformers, conductors, etc. Technically, *ALL* transformers are Tesla coils. In general though when someone refers to a Tesla coil, they mean an "air core resonant transformer". The TV flyback version Tesla coil (see the _Encyclopedia_of_Electronic_Circuits_ V3, 106-1 for diagram) has NOT an air core. It is of a class of circuit called "Oscillating Shuttle Circuit" (OSC). Generally OSC's are highly efficient, but this vers..	2
The test isn't whether GM knew-otherwise that would reward GM for its stupidity. The test is whether GM reasonably should have known of their existence. It works both ways-if GM had won the trial, and the plaintiff turned up two witnesses who came forward after the first trial who should have been located beforehand, too bad, so sad-no new trial.  Like Tim said, you don't get a new civil trial because you screwed up  the first time around. Unlike the criminal justice system, repose is much more ..	3
Just observed at the National Model United Nations here in NYC.  Just one word on it : AWSOME.  Peace, matt	3
Hey puppy, you are getting further around the bend every day. But I wouldn't miss your adolescent ravings for the world, everyone needs a good laugh now and then. :-)	3
Undoubtedly. In fact, it is the fact that hospitals frequently compete for physicians rather than for patients that (in part) complicates and  undermines a simplistic free-market analysis of the market for medical care.   Once again, there is no evidence that this is true in regard to kidney dialysis. Although price controls have promoted an expansion of services to a much greater volume of patients, RD is still a profitable service. Otherwise, one would expect to see evidence of rationing rathe..	3
I'm using "rayshade" on the u.w. computers here, and i'd like input from other users, and perhaps swap some ideas. I could post uuencoded .gifs here, or .ray code, if anyone's interested. I'm having trouble coming up with colors that are metallic (i.e. brass, steel) from the RGB values.  If you're on the u.w. machines, check out "_fineman/rle.files/*.rle" on  stein.u.washington.edu for some of what i've got.	0
I've had exactly the same problems in Aldus Freehand. I think autotracing is one of those "features" that barely works, but everybody feels compelled to throw it in because the other guys are doing it. :)	0
This seems a strange argument to make considering that Canada's violent crime rate in general is far lower than that of the U.S. (Our non-gun crime rate is greater than their *entire* crime rate). It would seem strange to suggest that it, to, were the result of gun control laws.   I think if we looked we'd find very specific (cultural and enforcement) reasons why the non-gun rate is low as well, and then that reasons could be applied to the with-gun rates as easily.    Aside from the fact that I..	3
PRC = People's Republic of China != Cambodia. Go play.	3
Hello,   I am searching for rendering software which has been developed to specifically take advantage of multi-processor computer systems. Any pointers to such software would be greatly appreciated.   Thanks.	0
Does anyone know what frequencies the wireless transmitter/receiver microphone systems that Radio Shack sells operate at? I've tried everything short of opening one up (not actually owning one makes this difficult...) and just looking.. Any help would be greatly appreciated.. These systems are designed for wireless PA systems, etc..          Thanks,	2
the  off,  machine  the  think  in   it    Sorry, but mine works fine (C650)	1
Hi there,  is there anybody who know a polygon_reduction algorithm for marching cube surfaces. e.g. the algirithm of Schroeder, Siggraph'92.  For any hints, hugs and kisses.  - Erwin	0
Yeah, Cancer is pretty cool, isn't it.	3
Except for their size, the cooling towers on nuclear power plants are vertually identical in construction and operation to cooling towers designed and built in the 1890's (a hundred years ago) for coal fired power plants used for lighting and early electric railways.  Basicly, the cylindrical tower supports a rapid air draft when its air is heated by hot water and/or steam circulating thru a network of pipes that fill about the lower 1/3 of the tower. To assist cooling and the draft, water miste..	2
Paul,  Unfortunately, there are not too many retail outlets that'll stock just about every chip made. The stuff they will stock are the ones that'll sell, like standard DRAM's, 80386's, 68000's, etc,etc. i.e. I cna't think of any 'one-stop-shopping' store.  The closest you can get is to pick up a copy of Byte magazine or the Circuit Cellar, Popular Electronics, and the like and flip through them.  Distributors like Wyle Electronics, Hamilton Avnet, Pioneer Electronics, etc, etc, don't normally d..	2
Actually not. Brett himself has actually posted the data previously. What declined from 84 to 89, as I remember it, was _percent increase_in_deficit_growth, i.e. the rate of growth of the deficit  (2nd derivative of total deficit with respect of to time) decreased. Brett apparently has numbed himself into thinking that the deficit declined. If you keep spending more than you earn, the deficit keeps growing. If you keep _borrowing_ at a lesser rate than you borrowed previously, the deficit increa..	3
I need a off-the-shelf method of transmitting small amounts of data up to 300 feet. The data is low speed and can be encoded as needed. Low power on the transmitting end would be a plus. An FCC certified product would be prefered.  If you have any pointers to products or companies I'd appreciate hearing from you.	2
In making batteries you could use copper and zinc in an acid electrolyte.  Copper=copper wire (pennies are now mostly zinc if I recall correctly) zinc= zinc strip (Hardware stores arround here (Seattle) sell this to prevent  moss buildup on the roof. An alternative would be to use a galvanized  (zinc coated) nail electrolyte= lemon juice -> Citric acid is the active ingrediant(sp).   Volta (late 18th century scientist) used a stack for his batteries- copper disk, paper disk soaked in acid, zinc ..	2
Can anyone tell me where to find a MPEG viewer (either DOS or Windows).  Thanks in advance.  -  Alan M. Jackson Mail : ajackson@cch.cov.ac.uk	0
HELP!   I just received my Falcon 2.2.1 upgrade from Spectrum Holobyte today. My SE is running Sys 7.0.1 with 4mb of RAM. Like the instructions said, I only installed Disk 2 (The program...no start up screen or music).   I just downloaded Macsbug from ftp.apple.com like it said, and installed it in my System folder. I restarted the mac an hour later, and it  wouldn't completely boot off the internal HD. I get the "happy mac", then it disappears, only to reappear and repeat the cycle continuously..	1
Hi, I have been getting a lot of requests for this information so I thought I would post it for those interested parties. (Sorry for length).  To increase the MacIISi speed to 25MHz or 33MHz the clock must be changed from 40MHz to 50MHz or 64MHz respectively. This is done by going to a static-free work station or putting some aluminum foil down to work on.  1. Open up the Si by lifting the tabs at the back of the case.  2. Remove the Hard Disk by disconnecting the power and SCSI cables,   spread..	1
Government-Mandated Energy Conservation is Unnecessary and Wastful, Study Finds   Washington, DC - The energy tax and subsidized energy-efficiency  measures supported by President Clinton and Energy Secretary Hazel  O'Leary are based on faulty assumptions, a new study from the Cato  Institute points out.   According to Jerry Taylor, Cato's director of natural resource studies,  we are not running out of sources of energy. The world now has almost 10  times the proven oil reserves it had in 1950 ..	3
I think you meant Quadra 800 ..... (but a Centris 800 probably would be a real nice machine... :) )  But yeah, it needs 80ns not 60ns.  Joel	1
Here at Lewis and Clark College we have recently installed a Digital Film system (based on the Mac Quadra) that does non-linear, full digital editing.  If you're considering such a system, here are the pros and cons:  For the educational environment, this system is excellent. We use it to produce a variety of educational materials for disemination on our local network. Because this programming is going to be viewed on other Macs, the image quality is not as important as the ability to directly e..	0
I have just been introduced to Macintosh systems. I have a few questions. E-mail prefered.  1) Just what is System 7? I want hard details not dingy commercials like their ads in magazines...  2) Has anyone used the Microsoft Office 3.0? I would like suggestions on, and descriptions on: * each has a microsoft before the actual name.  a) *Word 5.1: b) *Excel 4.0: c) *Power Point: d) *Mail 3.1  3) What is the major differences between Mac Wordperfect and Word?	1
Oh yeah, and men just haaaaate to brag about "how many woman they've had."	3
Here is a press release from the Reserve Officers Association.   Reserve Officers Say Demographics Ignored in Nominations to Close Naval, Marine Reserve Centers  To: National Desk, Defense Writer  Contact: Herbert M. Hart of the Reserve Officers Association of  the United States, 202-479-2258   WASHINGTON, April 13 /U.S. Newswire/ - The Reserve Officers Association of the United States has alerted the Defense Base Realignment and Closure Commission that the services failed to give sufficient wei..	3
Hi Everyone-   It's spend-the-money-before-it-goes-away time here at U.Florida and we need to find some PC-based software that will do contour plotting with irregular boundaries,i.e., a 2-D profile of a soil  system with a pond superimposed  /- on it. We've given SURFER a  POND / | trial run but it interpolates  / | contours out into the pond and/or -/ | creates artifacts at the borders. a response, I'll post a summary. Thanks - (and now back to lurking).	0
Note that the laws that don't agree with you were passed to protect a class of people who couldn't get justice from the state courts; specifically civil rights workers in Missisippi in the 60's. The  federal protection of individual rights supersedes the non-feasance of the state. Something similar has long been traditional ( well he's queer so I beat him up...) for gays   As Anatole France said; "The law in its impartial majesty forbids the rich as well as the poor from sleeping under bridges."..	3
I've talked with Mark and he faxed some literature, though it wasn't very helpful-  just a list of routine names: _BSplineSurface, _DrawString3D... 241 names.  There was a Product Info sheet that explained some of the package capabilities.  I also found a review in April/May '92 MacTutor.	0
Garrett, you are a really pathetic liar.  Some of your charges are arguable, but most of them are obvious lies.  I challenge you to present us with any evidence that Nixon stole, rigged a national election, never mind elections, or used the powers of his office for personal gain.  You can't because there is absolutely no evidence that any of these events occurred.	3
Is CCI still published? If so, does anyone have their address?	2
This rumor didn't happen to appear on April 1st?  If this DigiKey rep was serious, I think I will buy my parts elsewhere. If that is the way they do business, you cannot trust them.	2
Hi: I'd like to know how much the foll. equipment will fetch in the used equipment market (without manuals or other accessories):  1. Tektronix 2465 scope  2. Tektronix 2465A scope  3. Tektronix 1240 logic analyser	2
Hi, I've got a PACE MODEM , Series Four 2400s ( made in England by PACE Micro Technology ) with a broken power supply . So I'd like to know :  - the voltage and current values of the original   power supply PS1001. - the pinout of the power supply connector. - the pinout of the USER PORT and how to use it.  Many thanks in advance to all the people help me. Please post the reply also to my e-mail..........	2
The fact that she was wearing a miniskirt with no underwear was presented as evidence that she was a prostitute, and the court apparently found this compelling.   Clayton does indeed know the difference. Greg apparently doesn't.    Because the judge found that there was some credible evidence that the Marines were engaged in self-defense. Got it, knucklehead?    Because, in part [REPEAT AFTER ME], "the judge found that there was some credible evidence that the Marines were engaged in self-defens..	3
I'm looking to build a DSP for guitar processing. Hence lots of background information would be really useful !  If anyone's got any info, could they email.....  Thanks in advance...  Chris ;-)   +=+  |Name : Mr Chris Smith | Twang on that 'ole guitar ! |  |Addrs: scst83@uk.ac.liv.csc | |  |Uni : Liverpool University |Quest: To build more and more hardware |  |Dgree: Computer Science | |  +=+   "What ever the sun may be, it is certainly not a ball of flaming gas!"  - D.H. Lawrence.	2
I am looking for a source for a 4 circuit Sequence flasher.  Input 24 Volts AC, 8 amps  Output: sequence to 4 channels (knob to vary frequency) (max 2 amps   per leg)  Switch to put all channels on full time  Please Email any assistance you can provide.  Randy    Email: randy@ve6bc.ampr.ab.ca	2
Assuming 68HC11... In expanded muxed mode, you *could* do it. Much easier if you get a DRAM controller IC. The MMI 673102 could be used to implement this, or you could use a counter and a huge multiplexer to provide row/column/refresh address multiplexing. The thing with DRAMs is that they require wierd timing, address multiplexing, and refresh.  Actually, if you wanted to use a 68008 IC, you could look at AN897, which has a neat controller built in. There is also the 683xx, I think one of those..	2
I require BGI drivers for Super VGA Displays and Super XVGA Displays. Does  anyone know where I could obtain the relevant drivers ? (FTP sites ??)   Regards	0
I'm looking for any leads to the source of a good Windows Meta File converter or interpreter. I need this for use outside the Windows environment. PD sources preferred, but not a requirement. Please reply to the address below.	0
The RS6000 compiler is so forgiving, I think that if you mixed COBOL & pascal the C compiler still wouldn't complain. :-)  Steve -	0
Sorry about not mentioning platform... my original post was to mac.programmer, and then decided to post here to comp.graphics.  I'd like the 3D software to run on primarily Mac in either C, Object Pascal (Think or MPW). But, I'll port to Windows later, so a package that runs on Mac and has a Windows version would be ideal.  I'm looking for a package that has low upfront costs, and reasonable licensing costs... of course :)	0
Can anyone please email a diagram or give me details of an ftp site where there is a diagram of a simple, small fm mono voice transmitter for trasnmitting in the 90-104 range (preferably above 100 Mhz). Only a short distance requiered, and frequency variation no too important but must run from 9v or smaller DC supply.  Thanx in advance  Monty.	2
= David Matthew Deane (deane@binah.cc.brandeis.edu)	3
You probably need an X server running on top of MS DOS. I use Desqview/X but any MS-DOS X server should do.  -	0
] > I think the dialogue would go better if (at least some) gays ] >showed awareness of a practical issue. For example. men and women use ] >different toilets. Hence men who are likely to abuse girls have that ] >avenue closed to them. There are many other situations where it is easy ] >to prevent sexual abuse BETWEEN the two sexes through such measures and ] >social conventions. It is harder to prevent it with gays but if those ] >gays who do not abuse children (nor want to) became aware that t..	3
What is Pink noise and how is it used in sound experiments? -tony  wayne@uva386.schools.virginia.edu	2
Here is the story: I have a network with 4 Macs on Localtalk. One of them has an Ethernet Card, and is currently connected to a NeXT (don't laugh I got it for the price of a Mac IIsi). The NeXT is connected to the internet over SLIP running on a 9600 baud modem.  Currently, we can telnet from the Mac w/ Ethernet to the NeXT, and then telnet out again to the rest of the world.  What we want to know is if there is some sort of hardware that will route telnet sessions from the Localtalk Macs to the..	1
There is or was a microwave tower next to Florida's Turnpike, and you could watch the cars hit the breaks as they came in sight of it every morning...	2
Here is a different viewpoint.   In practice there is little difference in quality but more care is needed  with inkjet because smudges etc. can happen.   A cheap laser printer does not manage that sort of throughput and on top of  that how long does the _first_ sheet take to print? Inkjets are faster than  you say and in both cases the computer often has trouble keeping up with the  printer. (I have a 486/33 and a lot of drivers cannot keep up with the  printer)  A sage said to me: "Do you want..	2
I've found this works pretty well on noisy laminated power transformer cores and windings (the 60Hz kind). Likewise, if anybody has tried this on a flyback I'd like to hear about it.  I would suspect it would not be as effective as it was on power transformers as the material wouldn't damp as well-something I suspect would be critical at the frequencies involved (in other words, you want absorption rather than prevention which would be real difficult at 15 KHz).  -  -  Dave Medin   Phone: (205) ..	2
Yes, there are serveral programs which can convert font files (eq the Borland fonts) to objects consisting of spheres, cones etc.  I've used a program (forgot its name/place, but i can look for it) which converted these Borland fonts to three different raytracers. Vivid, POV and Polyray (which i like more (more flexibel/faster/use of expressions etc). The program has a lot nice features. So if interested give me a mail.	0
I am a Mac-user when it comes to graphics (that's what I own software and hardware for) and I've recently come across a large number of TTTDDD format modeling databases. Is there any software, mac or unix, for translating those to something I could use, like DXF? Please reply via email.	0
If you are looking for viewer try VPIC60	0
he ones I have seen are all fluorescent tubes. Maybe you could find a small tube to go in one of those hand-held fluoro lanterns?   Blue lights. Ultra-violet (by definition?) goes from the blue end of the spectrum that people see to the radio spectrum (X-rays, cosmic rays etc).  possibly you could get light at the fringe of visibility (which people with false eye-lenses can see easily, since it's your lenses that soak up most of the UV), however since most people use UV to get other things to `g..	2
Hi Noel,  I've made some attempts to write a converter that reads Adobe Type 1 fonts, triangulates them, bevelizes them and extrudes them to result in a generic 3d object which could be used with PoV f.i.  The problem I'm currently stuck on is that theres no algorithm which triangulates any arbitrary polygonal shape. Delaunay seems to be limited to convex hulls. Constrained delaunay may be okay, but I have no code example of how to do it.  Another way to do the bartman may be  - TGA2POV - A self..	0
I wrote...  and it has since turned out that all the mirror sites I looked at were  fooled by a restructuring at the original site - zaphod.ncsa.uiuc.edu -  and hence were in a mess. That and a pointer to 'imconv' should get me started. Ta muchly.  Cheers  Markus	0
There is a number you can call which will return a synthesized voice telling you the number of the line. Unfortunately, for the life of me I can't remember what it is. The telephone technicians use it all the time. We used to play around with this in our dorm rooms since there were multiple phone lines running between rooms.  sorry!	2
Yeah, and it's also true most long complicated sequences of events, calculations, or big computer programs in general. I don't argue that you can get similar and maybe useful results from fractals, I just question whether you >should<.  The fractal fiends seem to be saying that any part of a system that we can't model should be replaced with a random number generator. That has been useful, for instance, in making data more palatable to human perception or for torture testing the rest of the syst..	0
Not according to the NEC nor the CEC, as explained in the electrical wiring  FAQ, which I posted here separately. Note the material under the headings   and   Of course, as they said - "Local codes may vary".    I'm not sure about this. If the ground connections on the outlets are connected to anything, they should be connected to a wire that runs back to the main panel, where it is bonded to the neutral connector and to the house ground rod. A connection to a local earth ground would not necess..	2
Please point out where I have said I even _was_ a member of that group, much less asked to be treated as such, much less insisted upon it.   Wait a minute. You've been claiming for quite a while now that pedophilia, according to CA state law, is a sexual orientation. Now your position is that the law doesn't specifically exclude it?  You know damn well what's going to happen. Some guy in a NAMBLA T-shirt's going to apply at a day-care, they're going to turn him down, he's going to take it to cou..	3
Excerpts from cmu.comp.sys.mac: 5-Apr-93 Re: SE Serial Port Speed???? by Samuel John Kass@andrew.  actually a 14.4 kbps modem using standard compression (v3.2 v4.2.bis?) cna reach 57,600 bps, however I have not seen any server modems that have hardware compression. I have been told the annex modems here break up at _36k, but I have never seen faster than 14.4kbps.	1
Is there another book. I have this one and don't find it helpfull in  learning Spice. It would make a good reference book but I found it lacking for learning Spice. Are there any others?  Craig	2
None. You need to buy 2 80ns 256k VRAM SIMMs. They cost about $30 each from your favorite memory distributor.    The 512k is soldered to the logic board. There are 2 SIMM slots for expansion.	1
At 50 miles, a conventional set of TV antennas on a pole (one aimed at each transmitter location) should work well.  "Rabbit ears" inside the house are probably not adequate.  Gadgets to plug into your house wiring are even worse. At VHF, you don't want a _big_ antenna, you want a _resonant_ antenna.	2
Contact Circuit Cellar Inc., 4 Park St. - Suite 12, Vernon, CT 06066 (203)875-2751, FAX (203)872-2204 and inquire about HAL-4 EEG Biofeedback Brainwave Analyzer.   In addition, if you want to build your own system from board-level compo- nents (biosignal amplifiers, analog isolators and isolated multiplexers) you can contact The Davron Group,P.O. Box 237, Deerfield, IL 60015 FAX (708)948-9290.  - David	2
patrickd@wpi.WPI.EDU (Lazer) writes ...  Specs for the 68040 can fill a 500 page book. Some highlights are... 32-bit address space w/ 32-bit data width. 18 32-bit integer registers  & 8 80-bit floating point registers. 8K copyback capable caches, 4-way set associative. Typical 1.2 clocks/integer instruction. 5 clocks for a floating point multiply.  (interesting aside: the 68040 can multiply two 80-bit floating point numbers in less time than it can multiply two 32-bit integers)   More of the sam..	1
has  ^^^^^^^^ Oops, I meant fair, not unfair.	1
Hi!  I am looking for ftp sites (where there are freewares or sharewares) for Mac. It will help a lot if there are driver source codes in those  ftp sites. Any information is appreciated.   Thanks in advance.	1
Ditto here too...	0
I have a Paradise SVGA with 1Mb, the 90c030 chip (1D). The docs say that I can display the following modes : 640x480x32k colours and 800x600x32k cols if I have the RAMDAC HiColor Chip. I have checked the board and I do have such a chip. Now, the problem is that I can't get this mode to work ! Graphics Workshop 6.1 claims that it can display 24 bit images dithered down to 15 bit colour with my board, but it doesn't work. I have tried writing some assembler code to get the modes working and I have..	0
AllTall Cool OneWhat's a good IC for RS23  TC>From: rky57514@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu (Tall Cool One ) TC>Organization: University of Illinois at Urbana TC>I'm looking for an IC that will convert RS232 voltage levels to TTL vo TC>levels. Something relatively inexpensive would be nice, too. Anyone  TC>a suggestion?? Thanks.  Try a Maxim "MAX232CPE" 8 pin dil, converts 5V to 12V for 232commms. What a clever little gizmo!	2
We are interested in purchasing a grayscale printer that offers a good resoltuion for grayscale medical images. Can anybody give me some recommendations on these products in the market, in particular, those under $5000?	0
I have a friend who has a MAC (LC or LC II I think), and her family has an "extra" LaserJet IIIp sitting around. Is there any way to connect these two and make them work without a postscript cartridge? She told me that a random friend of hers had mentioned something about some software package that could do the translation... -Rick	1
I don't know about that...I've used Photoshop 2.5 on both a 486dx-50 and a Quadra 950...I'd say they are roughly equal. If anything the 486 was faster.	0
First, it will not pass a National Electrical code inspection. Secondly, The neutral wire is current carrying and the ground wire shouldn't be, or only during a fault condition.  The reason the neutral and ground are tied together in the panel is the tranformer on the power pole has a grounded center-tap secondary, with the grounded center-tap the neutral. This gives 120v to neutral(ground) from each side of the transformer and 240v across the transformer. So in effect the neutral and ground sho..	2
Using the VMODE command, all you need to do is type VMODE VESA at the dos prompt. VMODE is included with the Speedstar 24. I have used the VESA mode for autodesk animator pro.	0
I am looking for recommendations/experiences of bringing Macintosh CPUs onto Token-Ring Nets. Can someone point me in the right direction for information.	1
I am looking for an algorithm to determine if a given point is bound by a  polygon. Does anyone have any such code or a reference to book containing information on the subject ?    Regards	0
Can You report CRT and other register state in this mode ?  Thank's.	0
Officially, no. From experience (yours now included!), yes. Quantums seem to be the most problem-free brand on the Mac.   It should not matter for the hard drive or the Mac. Well, as long as it doesn't fall over. ;)   Doug	1
I'd appreciate it greatly if someone could E-mail me the following: (if you only know one, that's fine) 1) Specs for the 68040 (esp. how it compares to the Pentium) 2) Specs for the 68060 with estimated cost, release date, etc...  I'm interested in speeds, systems it can run (Windows NT, RISC, or whatever), costs, bus info, register info. All the technical info.  I am hoping that the 68040 can win yet another battle against the intel people.   :) Thanks for any info you can give.  Thanks.	1
Yes, you increase the RPM slip of a "boxer" type fan by installing a capacitor in series with the fan's power supply. The air flow of small 3.5 inch fans can be reduced by about 50% by using a 1 to 4 uF capacitor. Use a good grade nonpolarized unit with working voltage rating around 250 volts. Note that some impriical study is usually required to experimentally determine the best size capacitor for a given application.  For DC powered applications, try the Radio Shack 12 volt box fan. It can run..	2
Hi,   Anyone has a converter from BMP to any format that xview or xv can  handle? This converter must run Unix.. I looked at the FAQ and downloaded several packages but had no luck... thanks in advance.  ed	0
Actually, an accelerator such as the Daystar 33 MHz 68040 is cheaper than upgrading to a Q700 (25 MHz). The accelerator costs about $1400 whereas the upgrade costs $2131 (just quoted from my dealer). However the Q700 upgrade gives you very fast built in video that supports monitors up to 21" with 8 bit depth and up to 16" at 24 bit depth (with additional VRAM). It also has a SCSI port capable of a much faster throughput than the CI, which makes a big difference if you have a fast hard drive.   I..	1
I also suffer from these video "artefacts". My configuration is a Centris 610, 4/160, 1MB VRAM with a NEC 4FG. It only happens at 832x624, in 8bit colour with virtual memory off during scrolling. This occurs when the VRAM SIMMS are installed as well as removed. It seems that the 610 does not like 832x624.  Does anyone *not* have these problems in the above mentioned conditions?  -Gersham Meharg SFU Canada.	1
I am involve in a Distant Learning project and am in need of Jpeg and Mpeg encode/decode source and object code. This is a NOT-FOR PROFIT project that once completed I hope to release to other educational and institutional learning centers. This project requires that TRUE photographic images be sent over plain telephone lines. In addition if there is a REAL Good GUI lib with 3D objects and all types of menu classes that can be use at both end of the transaction (Server and Terminal End) I would ..	0
could  convenient then and called Global earth.  get meters (on  Thought it means Global Positioning System. There are two precision levels, one  for army applications (killing has to be very accurate today) and one for civil  ones. The civil precision is about 20 to 30m (correct me, if I'm wrong),  though, it may be insufficiant for mapping buildings. But there is a way with  an additional reference point (e.g. one fixed GPS system in a house) to get the  same high precision as the military ver..	2
Gamepro magazine published pictures a few months ago and Computer Chronicles (a program that is syndicated to public tv stations around the nation) spent several minutes on it when it was shown at CES. It was very impressive what it can do in real time.  John Munsch	0
In this case would the switch control voltages be -7V to turn the switch off and >0V to turn the switch on?	2
Hi Netters,  I'm building a CAD package and need a 3D graphics library that can handle some rudimentry tasks, such as hidden line removal, shading, animation, etc.  Can you please offer some recommendations?  I'll also need contact info (name, address, email...) if you can find it.  Thanks  (Please Post Your Responses, in case others have same need)	0
In Texas (Well, Corpus Christi anyway) if you pick up the phone and dial 890 the phone company will read back the number to you. Try it. It might work.	2
FOR SALE  Apple Macintosh SE/30 8MB RAM, 80MB HD System 7.1 Installed RasterOps 264/30 24-bit video card for SE/30 Apple 13" Monitor Targus carrying case  I'm after offers in the region of 1250 pounds. I'm in the north London area.  Contact Mark Allerton E-Mail: pascal@cix.compulink.co.uk mark@bilpin.co.uk	1
[ Article crossposted from comp.windows.ms ] [ Author was Kevin Routh ] [ Posted on 19 Apr 1993 12:35:55 GMT ]  For your information:  I hooked up my ImageWriter I to my COM1 serial port and used the C-Itoh 8510 driver in Windows 3.1. The cable I am using is a straight-thru cable connected to a Null Modem Adapter I got at Radio Shack (catalog #26-1496a) for $4.95. It seems to work fine with both DOS and Windows. I used the following command in DOS   C:\DOS\mode COM1:9600,n,8,1,p  and set up the ..	2
Is there a typical component or set of components that are at fault when a switch mode power supply  goes south?  The supply is for a disk drive. Any general hints would be appreciated!  Thanks! Mark-Tarbell@suite.com at fault when a switch mode power supply  goes south?  The supply is for a disk drive. Any general hints would be appreciated!	2
Here in the UK, the bandwidth restriction apparently only apply to  local lines.. ie those used by the average domestic client. Private lines which are run from the local exchange to the leasing client are  usually capable of a higher bandwidth if the exchange is digital.  Don't quote me on that..... But I think I remember a BT engineer  saying something to that effect when I was doing some work shadowing a few years ago.  Byeeeee !   Chris ;-)   +=+  |Name : Mr Chris Smith | Twang on that 'ole ..	2
>  >: Thus, a deciBell (deci-, l., tenth of + Bell) is a fractional part of the  >: original Bell. For example, SouthWestern Bell is a deciBell.  >  >Out of what hat did you pull this one? dB is a ratio not an RBOC!  >  >: And the measure of current, Amp, is actually named after both the AMP company  >: and the Amphenol company. Both companies revolutionized electronics by  >: simulatenously realizing that the performance of connectors and sockets  >: were affected by the amount of current runni..	2
|| edited and forwarded by the csm.announce moderator;  || please respond to the originator by email ALSO; what he  || needs, besides a cable that works, is a phone-number and  || AppleLink address for Caere - and a smile and a pat on the  || back... :-)  |  Please, I beg you. If you know anything about the Caere Typist Plus Graphics Hand Scanner, Please read and solve my problem. I will be truely grateful for the rest of my life!  The problem is that My Caere Typist Plus Graphics Hand Scanner w..	1
I built a little project using the radio shack 5vdc relays to switch audio. I got pretty bad 'clicks' when the thing switched. I was doing most of the common things one is supposed to do when using relays and nothing seemed to get rid of the clicks.   My question is:   Is there a good relay/relay circuit that I can use for switching audio, so that there will be *NO* noise of any kind on the audio lines.   I will appreciate any advice or references to advice. Also, exact part numbers/company name..	2
It's supposedly a high-performance chip based upon workstation graphics accelerators. It's quite fast (I have 7), but as usual with new boards/chips the drivers are buggy for Windows. As far as Winmarks go, it depends upon the version. I think I got 42M winmarks with version 3.11. 2.5 yielded the 50+ number. I've also benchmarked this with Wintach at over 65 (from memory as well).  As far as the low-level stuff goes, it looks pretty nice. It's got this quadrilateral fill command that requires ju..	0
Has anyone use Snooper or MacEKG or any other similar diagnostic  software.Any comparisons/reviews on these products would be very much  appreciated.  Thanks in advance for your help  Cheers -	1
Anyone know a reasonable circuit for programming PALs? I am interested in programming a wide range of EPLDs but would be happy with something  that could handle a 22V10 or thereabouts.  Thanks in advance, -Tim	2
Some survey conducted by the U.S. government and some group (I don't know  which) did what they were calling on all the news shows this morning, "The most comprehensive survey of sexuality in the past 50 years". Not an exact quote,  but you get the idea.  This low percentage is merely one more in a ton of evidence disproving the 10%  theory.	3
I am having trouble obtaining the specified standby current drain from a MC146818A Real Time Clock. Has anyone out there had some experience in doing this? The specs call for a few sequences to be met before standby mode is activated, and are a bit hard to decipher on that, but I thought that I had it worked out. However, with a 32kHz crystal the lowest current drain I can acheive at 3.7V Vcc is 150uA. This is three times the specified MAXIMUM under the conditions I am attempting to create.  I h..	2
^^^^^^^^^   Maybe we should ask the 83,103 people who were laid off this January whether or not we're in a recession. That was a figure that was reported in the New York Times. There is no official figure, because the Bureau of Labor Statistics stopped government tracking of layoffs eight months ago due to budget cuts.  (The above information was published in Harper's Index, Harper's magazine.)	3
Hi there,  Does anyone know why Apple has an ambiguous message for C650 regarding fpu? In all Mac price lists I've seen, every C650 has the message "fpu: optional". I know from what we've discussed in this newsgroup that all C650 have the fpu built in except the 4/80 configuration. Why would they be so unclear about this issue in their price list? I'm planning to buy the C650 8/230/cd pretty soon, but I'm now getting confused with whether it comes with fpu or not. Why say "optional" if it's buil..	1
Is there any program available (free or otherwise) for taking a tiff or gif or some other bitmapped file and turning it (or parts of it) into ascii characters?   DOS, OS/2 or platform independent programs if possible.	0
>In article <philC5LsD9.Ms3@netcom.com> phil@netcom.com (Phil  >  >>Libertarians want the State out of our lives.  >>  >>NAMBLA members want to fuck little boys.  >>  >>NOW do you get it?  >>  >I see! Libertarians want to have the right to fuck little  >children of either sex, and want to make sure everyone else  >has this right too. NAMBLA just wants to have the right to  >fuck little boys.  >  >>Or are you just a secret member of NAMBLA?  >>  >You're the one who suddenly seems to be defending ..	3
I've been trying to figure out a way to get Adobe Illustrator to auto-trace >exactly< what I see on my screen. But it misses the edges of templates by as many as 6 pixels or more - resulting in images that are useless - I need exact tracing, not approximate.  I've tried adjusting the freehand tolerances as well as autotrace tolerances but it doesn't help. Any suggestions?	0
What is the value of an SE (HDFD) 4/20?  -David	1
I am interested in any information on stereoscopic imaging on a sun workstation. For the most part, I need to know if there is any hardware available to interface the system and whether the refresh rates are sufficient to produce quality image representations. Any information about the subject would be greatly appreciated.	0
I agree with you. Of cause I'll try to be a daemon :-)	0
I have tried almost everything under the sun to get a null modem connection between a Mac Duo 210 and a PC. I have used MacKermit and VersaTerm on the Mac side. I have used Procomm, Kermit, and Softerm (on OS/2) on the PC (or PS) side. I have used non-Hardware handshaking and hardware ahdshaking cables. And know MY hands are shaking from the effort. Nothing has allowed file transfers from the Mac to the PS.  In general, I can type back and forth with no trouble, but only if both sides are set to..	1
I'm sure the whole newspaper is copyrighted. They could have gotten permission to use the image under their own copyright.	0
Well folks, after some thought the answer struck me flat in the face:  "Why would Apple release a Duo Dock with a processor of its own?"  Here's why- People have hounded Apple for a notebook with a 68040 processor in it. Apple can't deliver that right now because the 040 saps too much power, radiates far too much heat, and is too large for a notebook. How does one get around that without designing a new chipset? Use existing PowerBook technology to your best advantage. The Duo Dock gives Apple a..	1
Yea, it turned out that Gramm-Rudman was a sham to fool the voters into accepting the borrow-and-spend policies of the last 12 years.         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Anyone can expand the economy by chargeing $3 trillion on their credit cards. Big deal. Deficit spending only expands the economy in the short term. In the long term it shrinks the economy for numerous reasons. I would  have MUCH preferred that the taxpayers had that $3 trillion instead.     If Reagan had kept his campaign PROMISE to balan..	3
JOB OPPORTUNITY    -   SERI(Systems Engineering Research Institute), of KIST(Korea Institute of Science and Technology) is looking for the resumes for the following position and need them by the end of June (6/30).  If you are interested, send resumes to:   CAD/CAE lab (6th floor)  Systems Engineering Research Institute  Korea Institute of Science and Technology   Yousung-Gu, Eoeun-Dong,  Daejon. Korea  305-600    COMPANY: Systems Engineering Research Institute   TITLE : Senior Research Scientis..	0
The cads! The fact that this is precisely what the US was up to of course is not mentioned. It is a fact that Regan and Bush sold arms to Iran, it is also a fact that they supported and armed Iraq.  Still this is state dept propaganda so none too surprizing.   In the case of Lybia there is the problem that the US only decided that Gadffii ordered the bombing after it needed to make peace with damascus during the gulf war. One day the US is certain that its Syria, the next Lybia. For a strange re..	3
I want to start a DSP project that can maniplate music in a stereo cassette.  Is that any chip set, development kit and/or compiler that  can equilize/mix music? Ideally, The system should have D/A A/D converters & a DSP compiler. A rough estimate of the cost is greately appreciated.  Thanks in advance.	2
Indeed. Reading the cases of people who've tried the various things Mr. Teel suggests show that defendants fall into two classes: (1) those who win on procedural grounds or some grounds not related to their claim, and (2) those who lose.  Consider Newman v. Schiff, 778 F.2d 460 (8th Cir.1985), which I've seen cited by tax protestors other than Mr. Teel as a win for Mr. Schiff. Mr. Schiff offered $100,000 on TV to anyone who would call in the show and cite any section of the Internal Revenue Code..	3
Sometimes. It depends on your monitor and your timing. If you don't have enough vertical front porch and you use XOR composite sync you can get even/odd tearing at the top of the screen, which is very sensitive to the HHOLD control. It looks like what you would expect if you scanned the even fields (say) onto a sheet of mylar and had pinched the upper left corner with your fingers and started to tear it off the tube.  With proper composite sync (equalizing pulses) the interlace is rock solid.	2
ku> From: kinau@mondrian.CSUFresno.EDU (Kin Hung Au) Date: 13 Apr 93  ku> 07:22:05 GMT Organization: California State University, Fresno  ku> Message-ID: <C5Ev4t.G0A@zimmer.CSUFresno.EDU> Newsgroups:  ku> comp.sys.mac.hardware  ku>   ku> In Hong Kong , you can buy a cheap PC 386 or 486 based computer.  ku> However, it is very experience to buy a Macintosh. Last winter, I was  ku> back to Hong Kong. I saw the price of Mac Classic in Hong kong is same  ku> price to buy a LC in the U.S.  ku>   ku> ..	1
Howdy all,   I was wondering if people could e-mail me their opinions on the various graphics viewers available for MS-Windows 3.x... I'm working on a project to set up our scanner and write documentation on how to use it and it would be nice to have a snazzy image viewer  to look at (and maybe even edit?) the image you just scanned.  The file formats I'm looking for:  GIF JPEG TIFF PCX whatever other 'major' file formats there are.  Thanks a lot for your help  Grant	0
I have a new scope and I thought I'd save a few bucks by buying one with a function generator built in. After having it awhile I noticed two things about the function generator. For one, there seems to be a bias even when the 'pull-offset' is pushed in. That is, I have to pull that know and adjust it to get a signal sans some random 50mV bias.  The other _really_ annoying thing is that the damn output won't go below about 1V p-p. I am a student ( you may have guessed from my previous posts ), an..	2
My Datadesk Mac 101E keyboard has similar problems. I have found that holding down the RIGHT-HAND shift key at startup will work (disable extensions), but the left-hand shift key won't (which is unfortunate, since the left one is the one I instinctively reach for).  Similarly, I have trained myself to hold down the RIGHT-HAND pair of command-option for desktop rebuilds.  I *is* irritating.  Cheers, Michael.	1
The Harvard Computer Society is pleased to announce its third lecture of the spring. Ivan Sutherland, the father of computer graphics and an innovator in microprocessing, will be speaking at Harvard University on Tuesday, April 20, 1993, at 4:00 pm in Aiken Computations building, room 101. The title of his talk is "Logical Effort and the Conflict over the Control of Information."  Cookies and tea will be served at 3:30 pm in the Aiken Lobby. Admissions is free, and all are welcome.  Aiken is loc..	0
Hi,   I have a few question about graphics programming in VGA/SVGA :  1. How VESA standard works? Any documentation for VESA standard?  2. At a higher resolution than 320x200x256 or 640x480x16 VGA mode,  where the video memory A0000-AFFFF is no longer sufficient to hold  all info, what is the trick to do fast image manipulation? I  heard about memory mapping or video memory bank switching but know  nothing on how it is implemented. Any advice, anyone?   3. My interest is in 640x480x256 mode. Sho..	0
Has anyone successfully converted Interleaf graphics to CGM, or even heard of it being done????   We'd love to hear about it.  -Mike McConnell	0
I am looking for EISA or VESA local bus graphic cards that support at least  1024x786x24 resolution. I know Matrox has one, but it is very expensive. All the other cards I know of, that support that resoultion, are striaght ISA.   Also are there any X servers for a unix PC that support 24 bits?	0
I've got the 6.0 spec (obviously since I quoted it in my last posting).  My gripe about TIFF is that it's far too complicated and nearly infinitely easier to write than to read, which I think hurts your acceptance by anything that will need to read those images (e.g., paint programs).  In a nutshell, I don't think TIFF is salvageable unless the fat is trimmed significantly- and then it wouldn't be TIFF anymore. They keep trying to cut it back, but it's late now. Maybe they >will< fix it, and cha..	0
Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in favor of  doing this. I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading  this group, from code to hardware to algorithms. I just think making 5  different groups out of this is a wate, and will only result in a few posts  a week per group. I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum  for discussing all aspects of graphics. Anyone else feel this way?  Just curious.  I disagree. You could learn the same amount b..	0
Hmmmmm......what about their kids?  cpk -  It's been 80 days. Do you know where your wallet is?	3
Sorry for the repeat of this request, but does anyone know of a good free/shareware program with which I can create ray-traces and save them as bit-mapped files? (Of course if there is such a thing =)  Thanks in advance	0
Yes, it is the 23, 24 and 25, in but does anyone have directions how to get there after I get to Dayton. Thanks	2
-  73, Tom = Tom Wagner, Audio Visual Technician. Malaspina College Nanaimo British Columbia (604)753-3245, Loc 2230 Fax:755-8742 Callsign:VE7GDA Weapon:.45 Kentucky Rifle Snail mail to: Site Q4, C2. RR#4, Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada, V9R 5X9	2
Does anybody know anything about the chips D6275A/D6235A/D6205A chips from DSP Telecommunications Inc?  I'd greatly appreciate information about price, pinouts and peripherals.  Regards,   Henrik Bohre	2
Their testimony would be a contradiction of the plaintiff's charge (and witness) that the occupant moved after the impact, indicating he was alive and trying to get out (and provoking all sorts of sympathetic 'gross, burned alive' reactions).    They are two witnesses who didn't come forth until after the first trial. While it would be "tough luck" for GM if they new about these witnesses beforehand, IMO this constitutes "new evidence".    No, I support rulings that deny new trials on those grou..	3
art	1
Yep, at: oak.oakland.edu they have a couple different 68HC16 things in /pub/msdos/emulators and get the file 00-index.txt for a list of what they have. lige	2
Excerpts from netnews.sci.electronics: 16-Apr-93 Re: What do Nuclear Site's .. by R_Tim_Coslet@cup.portal.   Great Explaination, however you left off one detail, why do you always see them at nuclear plants, but not always at fossil fuel plants. At nuclear plants it is prefered to run the water closed cycle, whereas fossil fuel plants can in some cases get away with dumping the hot water. As I recall the water isn't as hot (thermodynamically) in many fossil fuel plants, and of course there is le..	2
This meaningless statement makes YOU look bad.	3
I usually use "Algorithms for graphics and image processing" by Theodosios Pavlidis, but other people here got them same idea and now 3 of 4 copies in the libraries have been stolen!  Another reference is "Digital Image Processing" by Gonzalez and Wintz/Wood, which is widely available but a little expensive ($55 here- I just checked today).	0
# #The article also contains numbers on the number of sexual partners. # #The median number of sexual partners for all men 20-39 was 7.3. # #Compared to the table I have already posted from Masters, Johnson, # #and Kolodny showing male homosexual partners, it is apparent that # #homosexual men are dramatically more promiscuous than the general # #male population. It's a shame that we don't have a breakdown for # #straight men vs. gay/bi men - that would show even more dramatically # #how much mo..	3
Ok, here could be the first question or answer or something:  Q: I want to copyprotect a program I wrote. How should I do it? A: You would be wise not to copyprotect that program. You see, those   people that wants to get a cracked copy of your program will go to   various length to crack your program, and some of those crackers   are good, and know the common tricks.  So, the copy protection wouldn't stop those.  Ok, then. What about legitimate users? Copy protection can be a hassle  for legiti..	2
We have a Sun CD-ROM drive which I would like to play audio CD's in. I have an old 10 watt amplifier which works fine when connected to a junk "Walkman" style AM/FM radio. This amp ties the common path of the earphone connection to ground.  However, it doesn't work with my Sony Walkman cassette player, or the CD drive, it produces of loud low-frequency tone. Obviously Sony doesn't ground the earphone output common. Does anyone have specs on the CD drive's  output? Will an audio transformer help?..	2
Water. Nuclear stations don't generate electricity directly from the reactor, they use the reactor to generate heat. The heat is then used to heat water just as in a conventional oil or coal station, and the resultant steam drives the turbines.  The cooling towers are used to cool the steam and recondense it into water to continue the cycle  Steve	2
With a little luck, I could own a C650 sometime in the near future, and so I was just wondering if someone could clear these two questions up for me:  1. What speed SIMMS does the C650 need/want? (I know that it needs 80ns VRAM...not sure for the main RAM.)  2. I've heard two conflicting stories about the total expandibility of the C650's RAM...132 and 136 megs. Which is true? (Perhaps another phrasing would be better: does the 8 meg version come with all 8 megs on the logic board, or 4 megs + a..	1
By '8 grey level images' you mean 8 items of 1bit images? It does work(!), but it doesn't work if you have more than 1bit in your screen and if the screen intensity is non-linear.  With 2 bit per pixel; there could be 1*c_1 + 4*c_2 timing, this gives 16 levels, but they are linear if screen intensity is linear. With 1*c_1 + 2*c_2 it works, but we have to find the best compinations - there's 10 levels, but 16 choises; best 10 must be chosen. Different compinations for the same level, varies a bit..	0
Hello, and thank you for reading this request. I have a Mpeg viewer for x-windows and it did not run because I was running it on a monochrome monitor. I need the mono-driver for mpeg_play.	0
Note the Followup-To: header ...   On my SVR4 Amiga Unix box, I've got -lform, -lmenu, and -lpanel for use with the curses library. Guess what they provide? :-)  Unix Press, ie. Prentice-Hall, has a programmer's guide for these tools, referred to as the FMLI (Forms Mgmt Language Interface) and ETI (Extended Terminal Interface), now in it's 2nd edition. It is ISBN 0-13-020637-7.  Paraphrased from the outside back cover:   FMLI is a high-level programming tool for creating menus, forms,  and text ..	0
I haven't seen much info about how to add an extra internal disk to a mac. We would like to try it, and I wonder if someone had some good advice.  We have a Mac IIcx with the original internal Quantum 40MB hard disk, and an unusable floppy drive. We also have a new spare Connor 40MB disk which we would like to use. The idea is to replace the broken floppy drive with the new hard disk, but there seems to be some problems:  The internal SCSI cable and power cable inside the cx has only connectors ..	1
What does anyone think that Judge Wopner would do if Karadzic was  on trial before him? (Nevah happen, but just a thought...)	3
I have read one report of a brave soul who rewired the 40 mhz clock and a higher speed clock oscillator's outputs through a double throw switch to allow different  speeds. There was no mention of any attempts to switch speeds on the fly but if the SI uses timing loops anything like a Quadra for accessing its floppy drive, dynamic switching will wreak havoc. A Quadra must reboot after having its clock speed significantly changed or it will be unable to properly access its floppy drive.	1
THE WHITE HOUSE    Office of the Press Secretary    For Immediate Release April 14, 1993     PRESIDENT NAMES OFFICIALS AT   TRANSPORTATION, COMMERCE, DEFENSE, AND OPIC    (Washington, DC) President Clinton announced his intention  today to nominate Albert Herberger to be Administrator of the  Federal Maritime Administration, Loretta Dunn to be Assistant  Secretary of Commerce for Import Administration, and Christopher  Finn to be Executive Vice President of the Overseas Private  Investment Corpo..	3
Well here is my $0.02 worth. Advice from a grad student.   I agree with the gentlemen who wrote the comment before me. The important thing is pick what ever interest you the most and  learn as much as possible about it.    In my five years of education in this field, though brief  compare to alot of people, I had to think about this kind of  question a lot. Did I make the right decision in going into Electrical Engineering as opposed to Computer engineering or CS? The more I go thru school, the ..	1
I've recently got hold of a PC with an S3 card in it, and I'd like to do some C programming with it, are there any libraries out there that will let me access the high resolution modes available via Borland Turbo C?	0
Let's say you have a scanned image of a line drawing; in this case a boat, but it could be anything. On the drawing you have a set of reference points whose true x,y positions are known.   Now you digitize the drawing manually (in this case, using Yaron Danon's excellent Digitize program). That is, you use a program which converts cursor positions to x,y and saves those values when you click the mouse.  Upon digitizing you notice that the reference point values that come out of the digitizing pr..	0
Is there a precompiled version of hp2xx for DOS out there - prefereably for 386/486?	0
I have a MacIIFX and I know that it is wired about its SCSI chain.  I just bought a drive and I need to find out a few hardcore SCSI question:  Does the IIFX SCSI chain want to see active or passive termination?  Does the IIFX SCSI spec want me to enable the initiation of the SDTR message?  WHat does the IIFX SCSI spec want as far as parity checking?  These are some very good questions for the FAQ.  If someone does not have time to answer these questions but does know  where I can look them up p..	1
I have a Radius Precision Color 24x video card for the Mac that fits in a  NuBus slot. The card has 3 Mb of VRAM on it, which means that 24-bit color  is possible on the card! The card supports just about any monitor scan rate you can think of (I used it at 640x480, 800x600 and 1024x768, but it can go higher). You can switch resolutions and depth on the fly with a software control panel.   This is the ACCELERATED version of the card, which means all QuickDraw  calls are not executed by the CPU b..	1
rvenkate@ux4.cso.uiuc.edu (Ravikuma Venkateswar) writes ...  Benchmarks are for marketing dweebs and CPU envy. OK, if it will make you happy, the 486 is faster than the 040. BFD. Both architectures are nearing then end of their lifetimes. And especially with the x86 architecture: good riddance.   The point being the processor speed is only one of many aspects of a computers performance. Clock speed, processor, memory speed, CPU architecture, I/O systems, even the application program all contribu..	1
Gee, then I guess the extra horn that's mounted in the floor of some SDPD cars, firing at the ground at a shallow angle, is just for show, huh?  (For calibration, they simply turn off one horn or the other.)	2
What do I need to do to be able to run an NEC 3FGx in 800x 600 mode on my IIci? Can it be done with the right video card? If so, which video card?	1
# > Actually, fossil fuel plants run hotter than the usual  # >boiling-water reactor nuclear plants. (There's a gripe in the industry # >that nuclear power uses 1900 vintage steam technology). So it's # >more important in nuclear plants to get the cold end of the system # >as cold as possible. Hence big cooling towers.   When the utility gave up on that Cinnci, OH plant (Zimmer?) and announced they were going to convert it to a coal-fired scheme, the turbines were already in place, and they were..	2
= This is a posting for my friend who does not have USENET access = = Please contact him (not me) directly, thank you =  1. The Mac II is supposed to have a socket for the MC68851 PMMU chip. Could anyone let me know where that socket is on the motherboard. I have obtained a PMMU chip (16 Mhz) from a surplus store, and would like to install it onto my Mac II (circa 1987). But I cannot see the socket myself when I tried to install it.  2. Could anyone send me the pinouts for the Mac II SCSI DB-25 ..	1
Hi! A while back, there was a thread in this group about the use of the IWII in Europe (in countries with 50 Hz AC current). The consensus at the time was that the IWII would not work there. As I will be moving there this summer, I called Apple to make sure and they told me (today) that the IWII (as bought in the U.S.) will definitely run on 50 Hz AC current (as long as a step-down converter is employed if 240 V current is used). The same info, turns out, can be found in the IWII manual (p. 127 ..	1
Because SCSI works well with removable media, and works well with large capacity devices. The floppy interface you suggest handles the former, but it doesn't have any hooks for dealing with the latter... you'd have to kludge it. Plus, it's extremely low performance. AND, SCSI has gobs of room for expansion compared with a floppy (I can just see it, let's stick a 5.25", a 3.5", a tape drive, and a MO drive, all on the floppy interface. The possibilities for unexpected collisions are enormous).	1
xgif is the grandfather of XV.  -	0
From: baba@Tymnet.com (Duane Hentrich) -BTW, I'm a WALC (white aryan lapsed catholic) - - -d'baba Duane M. Hentrich baba@Tymnet.Com -  I would like to go on record as objecting to Mr. Hentrich calling himself an Aryan. The word `Aryan' is of Sanskrit origin and occurs first in the Hindu scripture, the Rigveda. It seems to have been a tribal term but may have had connotations of good character. Such connotations are quite explicit in the sayings of the Buddha who called his religion the eightfold..	3
Hello,  I just got some SIMMs, at least one of which does not work. I don't know if  there is a software that can test SIMMs thoroughly or I could just rely on the  RAM test performed by my computer during the start up. When I installed a dead  SIMM into an LC or an LC II, there would be a strange music and no display on  the screen. Why? I need your help! Thanks in advance	1
Archive-name: jpeg-faq Last-modified: 18 April 1993  This FAQ article discusses JPEG image compression. Suggestions for additions and clarifications are welcome.  New since version of 3 April 1993:  * New versions of Image Archiver and PMJPEG for OS/2.   This article includes the following sections:  [1] What is JPEG? [2] Why use JPEG? [3] When should I use JPEG, and when should I stick with GIF? [4] How well does JPEG compress images? [5] What are good "quality" settings for JPEG? [6] Where can..	0
I was not discussing "universal" definitions in this post, Mark. Please refrain from dragging in irrelevancies.  Do you agree with my statement above about physicians being unqualified if they can't determine viability?   And that's good enough for the law, Mark. So why do you keep whining that viability "isn't defined"? What purpose does your whining serve?	3
: >True, man did not invent the need for food, shelter, warmth and the ilk, : >but man did invent the property laws and the laws of trespass.  : But how do you think property is generated ? Does it grow automatically : on trees when we wish so, or someone has to produce it ?  Some say it was generated by God or Goddess; some say it was the result of the coalescence of billions of tons of interstellar debris. In either case, the property of which Xavier speaks has been around for millions of year..	3
Graeme>  Yes, that's known as "Bresenhams Run Length Slice Algorithm for Graeme> Incremental lines". See Fundamental Algorithms for Computer Graphics, Graeme> Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg 1985.   Graeme>  Hmm. I don't think I can help you with this, but you might Graeme> take a look at the following:  Graeme>  "Double-Step Incremental Generation of Lines and Circles", Graeme> X. Wu and J. G. Rokne, Computer Graphics and Image processing, Graeme> Vol 37, No. 4, Mar. 1987, pp. 331-334  Graem..	0
I am looking for information on infra red based position encoders.  The idea would be to bounce the infrared source off a wall and the device would read out the distance.  preferable it would be rs-232 addressable.    Any leads?	2
I would guess that it requires X, almost certainly DV/X, which commonly uses the GO32 (DJGPP) setup for its programs. If you don't have DV/X running, you can't get anything which requires interfacing with X.	0
Let me try sending this message again, I botched up the margins the first time; *sorry* 'bout that :)  Does anyone out there know of any products using Motorola's Neuron(r) chips MC143150 or MC143120. If so, what are they and are they utilizing Standard Network Variable Types (SNVT)? _	2
Hello,  I am looking for carbon-doped rubber. Or an highly elastic material that changes its resistivity, or some other electrical property when streched.  If you could email me any info you may have on material names or companies that make the stuff it would be highly appreaciated.	2
Forty-two is six times nine.	0
Oddly enough, you don't, at least according to the wiring FAQ that is regularly posted on misc.consumers.house.  A GFCI senses discrepancies between the live and neutral wire currents, and cuts them both off if a discrepancy is found. No ground connection is needed for it to function.	2
Well,  42 is 101010 binary, and who would forget that its the answer to the Question of "Life, the Universe, and Everything else." That is to quote Douglas Adams in a round about way.  Of course the Question has not yet been discovered...  - Mark A. Cartwright, N5SNP University of Texas @ Austin Computation Center, Graphics Facility markc@emx.utexas.edu markc@sirius.cc.utexas.edu markc@hermes.chpc.utexas.edu (512)-471-3241 x 362  PP-ASEL 9-92	0
This is as bad as the "Did You Know" Japan bashing of 2 weeks ago. After finding this set of postings for the third time I hope no one shows up.  I don't know why fools insist on posting to every group. It just agrevates people.	3
I think there is a huge difference in the materials and  process for printer/toner PCB's. I get first time, everytime results from a local HP Postscript, and hardly ever works from copies of the same artwork. The printer results are so good that I have quit even looking for PC board processes. If I had to use the copier version, I would think I would look elsewhere. The moral? Experiment and find what works. Toner transfer CAN give excellent results. It, like any process, gives erratic  results ..	2
This model is one of the two low-cost laser printers that Apple just introduced. I'm thinking of getting one to use at home. Have any of you had any experience with this printer? Does it have Level-2 PostScript? If you've bought one, are you happy with it?	1
Does anyone have details on this? What sort of FP errors is the Q900 sensitive to?   (My Q900 is having some strange problems with an FP intensive program, getting a lot of DS15 (Segment Loader) errors. ThinkC5.0.4 and System 7.0.1+)	1
Which, considering the amount Bush&congress added to it, would be a not-inconsiderable achievement.  While we're on the subject, I also believe that the supply-side claim that reducing taxes raised revenue is also false, because they typically factor in SocSec taxes, which were *raised* a considerable amount, at the same time that income taxes were cut. If you look at income tax revenue alone, it fell after after the cuts began, and didn't recover for several years. By then, record deficits were..	3
Also, if someone would recommend another  Try looking at the Brainstorm Accelerator for the Plus. I believe it is the best solution because of the performance and price. Why spend $800 upgrading a computer that is only worth $300 ????  The brainstorm accelerator is around $225. It speeds up the internal clock speed to 16MHz. That may not seem like much but it also speeds up SCSI transfers. I think that feature is unique to brainstorm. Check it out.	1
In the UIBM PC world, how much of a "standard" has VESA become for SVGA graphics? I know there are lots of graphics-board companies out  there, as well as several graphics chips manufacturers- are they adhering to the VESA standard, and what effect is/will the VESA Local Bus have on all of this? Anyone?	0
The most practical use I've seen for them is as key ring ornaments :-)	2
Dear Netters I want to send EMG-signals from a running person to a computer.  Each signal is 4KHz wide and there is up to 30 of them on each running person. The signal is only to be sent over a few hundred  meters. It seems to me that the frequency intended for this use is about 150MHz and about 440MHz. To make the transmitters as light as possible I suppose it will be best  the to send the signals in an analog form. As this application is rather  specialized I do not expect to be able to buy th..	2
Hello-  I just bought a new portable CD player for the office, and I notice that it proudly proclaims "8 TIMES OVERSAMPLING" on the box. Now while I think I understand what oversampling is (the rate of discrete "samples" exceeds the highest frequency component of interest by some factor), I don't understand this "8 TIMES" business... It seems to me that when I bought my first CD player (was it REALLY 10 years ago?!), the specs said "4 TIMES" ... Could someone please tell me whether I'm getting s..	2
Ahhh, the classic Truth By Blatant Assertion technique. Too bad it's so demonstrably false. Take a look at Great Britain sometime for a  nice history on drug criminalization. The evidence there shows that during periods of time when drugs (such as heroin) were illegal, crime went up and people did die from bad drugs. During times when drugs were legalized, those trends were reversed.   Now this is a great example of an ironclad proof. Gosh, I'm convinced. ( :-} for the humor impaired). First, as..	3
jamesdon@infoserv.com (James A. Donald) writes...  Hello? What the Sloan decision means is that the tax protestors  were wrong.   Demonstrate, please! The rules of procedure make this very  unlikely.   FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY  Which makes it legally unsound. If I were representing Mr. Teel,  I'd try a procedural approach if I could find one, or recommend  he plea-bargain. He's setting himself up to be in hot water.        Daniel Reitman  HOW NOT TO WRITE A DEED  One case involved the constr..	3
# 74S Later modification of 74 for even higher speed, at some cost in #  power consumption. Effectively obsolete; use 74F. #  # 74LS Combination of 74L and 74S, for speed comparable to 74 with lower #  power consumption. Best all-round TTL now, widest variety of #  devices. #  # 74F Fast as blazes, power not too bad. The clear choice for high #  speed in TTL. Availability and prices generally good.  I hate to disagree w/ a fellow as smart as Henry, but...  A few years back, I worked on a project..	2
Does anyone out there know of any ftp sites which deal with  electronics projects, plans, etc? Any response appreciated.:) JB	2
I went to Staples in Framingham, MA, today, and grabbed the info-sheet on the 450 bundle.   For a mere $1897.00, you get:  -25 megahertz 68030 microprocessor -4M of RAM -120M hard disk -1.4M floppy disk drive -built in support for 256 colors, expandable to 32,000 colors -1 expansion slot -keyboard and mouse -14" display -0.29 mm dot pitch for extra-sharp text and graphics -640 x 480 pixels -microphone and speaker -Macintosh System 7 software for Performa computers version 7.1P -At Ease, Macintos..	1
Hello netters  Sorry, I don't know if this is the right way of doing this kind of thing, probably should be a CFV, but since I don't have tha ability to create a  news group myself, I just want to start the discussion.   I enjoy reading c.g very much, but I often find it difficult to sort out what I'm interested in. Everything from screen-drivers, graphics cards, graphics programming and graphics programs are discused here. What I'd like is a  comp.graphics.programmer news group. What do you oth..	0
The IIIP has just been superseded by the 4M, which is the one I am using at work. The quality of the print is execellent, beating 300 dpi printers hands down. In Australia the price of the 4M is about comparable with that of the III-series, so HP are trying to get people to buy the new one !!!	1
I suggest that misc.consumer.house is a better forum for this, several electricians, a huge FAQ that adresses ALL the issues raised here.  -	2
Who compared Quayle to Gore? Mark said he had never heard of any incident in which the thrower of the ceremonial ball had been booed before. I mentioned another incident. (And if the media had a liberal bias, I'm sure he would have heard of the Quayle incident.)  If I was to compare Quayle to anyone, it most likely would be Elmer Fudd.	3
There's absolutely no reason why differences in the DRAM access time  _alone_ would cause an incompatibility. There would have to be another  difference between the SIMMs for there to be a problem. I've often used  memory of different speeds with no problems whatsoever. As long as it's as fast (or faster) than the minimum requirement you should be fine.  Just out of curiosity, did you actually try this and see a problem, or  were you told it wouldn't work and so never tried it? Also out of  curi..	1
The newest JDR Microdevices catalog has at least one variant of the HC11.	2
Well, you might try the A.R.R.L.'s license study guides. For example, my Advanced Class study guide has lots and lots of good RF and electronics theory in it. I would imagine the other books are good too.  Tony  - - Anthony S. Pelliccio, kd1nr/ae // Yes, you read it right, the // - system @ garlic.sbs.com // man who went from No-Code // -// (Thhhppptt!) to Extra in // - Flame Retardent Sysadmin // exactly one year! // - - This is a calm .sig! -	2
Hi, It might be nice to know, what's possible on different hard ware platforms. But usually the hard ware is fixed ( in my case either Unix or DOS- PC ). So I'm not much interested in Amiga news.   In the case of Software, I won't get any comercial software mentioned in this newgroup to run on a Unix- platform, so I'm not interested in this information.  I would suggest to split the group. I don't see the problem of cross-posting. Then you need to read just 2 newgroups with half the size.   BUT ..	0
The file and contents listings for:  Knowledge Media Resource Library: Graphics 1 Knowledge Media Resource Library: Audio 1	0
For those of you who have TI ps35 laser printers, if you want an envelope feeder, they are now on sale, direct from TI for the unbelievable price of $45! Call 1-800-847-2787. Same for extra paper trays. They have too many gray ones and want to move them out. Strange but true.  -The Bobmeister	1
Imprecise. This description   1. ignores the role of the ballast,  2. misrepresents the heating effects in the starter.  The bimetalic strip cools down immediately after the contacts short circuit, because the neon discharge stops, and much less heat is generated from the I^2R loss in the metal as compared to the neon discharge.  The starter contacts open before the tube fires. Actually, the tube fires as a result of the back-emf generated in the ballast because of this immediate opening of the ..	2
Here's my own top ten response to Mr. Ipser's list   10. It's about time we have a President that might actually stand up to the  military. Our men and women in uniform must learn that the world does not  revolve around them, and that one of the things they're out there defending  is our right to be critical of them, even denounce them.  9. Let me explain something to you. Environmental policy and industrial  policy MUST go hand in hand. Our nation, and indeed, our planet cannot  afford to conti..	3
Of course you could develope this system, but there is already a system called Global Positioning Satellites. It gives three dimensional coordinates anywhere on earth.  Many surveyors use this system with a differential receiver/transmitter to get coordinates within centimeters. Basic receivers with resolution of a few meters (on a good day) are available from many sources.   -  WMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMWMW   \_ \_ \_\_\_ \_\_\_ Weston R Beal  \_ \_ \_ \_..	2
Anyone out there in netland have a spare data pod or two from an old  1615A Hewlett Packard logic analyzer? If you do, I'd like to buy it off of you. The pod's part number is 10248B.  As a side note, anyone know of any good surplus dealer or other organization that would carry wayward logic analzer pods?	2
: The Selective Service Registration should be abolished. To start with, the : draft is immoral. Whether you agree with that or not, we don't have one now, : and military experts agree that the quality of the armed forces is superior : with a volunteer army than with draftees. Finally, the government has us : on many lists in many computers (the IRS, Social Security Admistration and : Motor Vehicle Registries to name a few) and it can find us if it needs to. : Maintaining yet another list of peo..	3
No, the 6551A is able to operate in a 2 MHz system, the 6551 can only take 1 MHz without problems.  If you see a 8551 made by MOS or CSG, take it, its a 6551A.   I know no fixed version of the 6551. There are different possibilities to work around this bug. The easiest is to tie _CTS to GND and use _DSR or _DCD as _CTS. It should be easy to fix the software, _DSR is bit 6 and DCD ist bit 5 of the Status Register (Read 6551 with RS1 = low and RS0 = high).  Using the _CTS-line can lead into big tr..	2
1) How was this testing done, and how many times? (Calibrated speedometer?)  2) It's not the "some cases" that worry me, it's the "other cases" :-)	2
Any info on modern 20MHZ or better dual trace scopes would be appreciated. Should I buy a used one or a new one? And where?  Please E-Mail.  Thanks in advance.  Ken	2
-> Who sells the special carbide drills used to drill pc boards? ->I am looking for sizes smaller than #60, #65 or #70 would be good.  -best deal i ever saw on carbides was at ELI electronics - Cambridge -Mass. Quite close to MIT, #70 drills @ $5.00 for a box of 50. ELI are -in the Boston fone book.  Actually, I think they are all #57. Their phone number is 617 547 5005 and I will probably have some over at the MIT Flea this Sunday. /mike	2
# -# Just curious (don't have to answer if you feel uncomfortable): # -# how many times have YOU had sex with boys? #  # why do you care? if a total stranger asked you how often you had sex, # would you answer? #  # # henry mensch / booz, allen & hamilton, inc. / <henry@ads.com#  This is so typical of homosexuals - constantly making excuses for child molesters.	3
Are you using the traditional radiosity method, progressive refinement, or  something else in your package?   If you need to project patches on the hemi-cube surfaces, what technique are  you using? Do you have hardware to facilitate the projection?      What are the guest username and password for this ftp site?      Thanks, Stephan.	0
Canada's GST is collected as a sales tax and is considered a VAT. Funnily, the previous hidden wholesale tax that it replaces was never referred to as a tax (or, people never paid mind to it, thus the uproar when it was brought up front as the GST -  one party has actually campaigned on hiding the tax again).  The stated intent of the Tories was to use the GST to write down our deficit. Unfortunately, their legislation didn't include any mechanism for disbursing the collected funds in such a man..	3
I have a Centris 610 & want to get an IBM machine as well. To save space on my desk, I would like to use one monitor for both, with a switch-box. Does anyone know of a way to do this?	1
Has anyone had any problems with their Duo Dock not ejecting the Duo properly?  When I first got it, the Duo would come out of the Dock a couple of inches when ejected, and I had to pull it the rest of the way. Nowadays (and I've had the system for 4 months), the Duo doesn't come out *at* *all* - despite the fact that the mechanism makes all the appropriate noises, and I have to grab hold of it and pull it out myself. Is there a simple fix for this, or do I have to return it to my Apple Dealer, ..	1
ha... all this talk about changing the clock speed of the q700 makes me ask??  if i replaced the 8mhz 68000 in my plus with a 16mhz 68000 with a 16mhz clock occilater of its own( not shared by the rest of the mac... just the new 16mhz68000) would my mac work..... and if it would work.. would you think there where be any problems with sound, vidio,scsi........  it seems like a simple solution to keepa dead slow mechine a live a little longer..  Oh if this would not work any idears on how to make ..	1
Yes I am aware CorelDraw exports in SCODAL. Version 2 did it quite well, apart from a few hassles with radial fills. Version 3 RevB is better but if you try to export in SCODAL with a bitmap image included in the drawing it will say something like "cannot export SCODAL with bitmap"- at least it does on my version.  If anyone out there knows a way around this I am all ears.  Temporal images make a product called Filmpak which converts Autocad plots to SCODAL, postscript to SCODAL and now GIF to S..	0
rites: , n  But drive UP to Cleveland and it is about 10,000 times better. I from Toledo  originally (but that place always as sucked as long as I've been on the planet.   Republicans have been trying to pass a balanced budget amendment for the last  ten years.   Because for a while, the American companies couln't even compete in THEIR OWN  COUNTRY, where free trade isn't even an issue. However, even the automobile pendelum has swung back to the Big 3.   Oh, I don't know. It's probably in the te..	3
I have one of the original Powerbook 170's (with 4Mb of Ram) and find that 4Mb is a drag when trying to do my work. So, what is the best way to get the maximum RAM for this unit, and what's it going to cost me? I'm hoping I can get the latest and best info from real users by posting  to this group.	1
Didn't the new study asked "have you engaged in homosexual intercourse within the last two years" whereas Kinsey asked "have you ever engaged or thought about engaging in homosexual activity". Sort of like the  difference between "did you have yogurt this morning" and "are you  allergic to lactose".  -    - Michal	3
Toronto Siggraph  =  What: ``Chance's Art'': 2D Graphics and Animation on the Indigo.  By: Ken Evans, Imagicians Artware, Inc.   When: Tuesday 20 April 1993 7:00pm-9:00pm   Where: The McLuhan Centre for Culture and Technology  University of Toronto  39A Queen's Park Crescent  Toronto  Who: Members and non-members alike   (non-members encouraged to become members...)  Abstract:  Imagicians Artware, Inc. is entering into early beta site testing on Silicon  Graphics workstations of a new 2D abstrac..	0
:>Top Ten Ways Slick Willie Could Improve His Standing With Americans :> :>10. Institute a national sales tax to pay for the socialization of :> America's health care resources. :> :>9. Declare war on Serbia. Reenact the draft. :> :>8. Stimulate the economy with massive income transfers to Democtratic :> constituencies. :> :>7. Appoint an unrepetent socialist like Mario Cuomo to the Suprmeme Court. :> :>6. Focus like a laser beam on gays in the military. :> :>5. Put Hillary in charge of the Mini..	3
How does that compare with JPEG on the same images and hardware as far as size, speed, and image quality are concerned?  Despite my skeptical and sometimes nearly rabid postings criticizing Barnsley and company, I am very interested in the technique. If I weren't I probably wouldn't be so critical. :-)	0
I am looking for some graphic images of earth shot from space.  ( Preferably 24-bit color, but 256 color .gif's will do ).  Anyways, if anyone knows an FTP site where I can find these, I'd greatly appreciate it if you could pass the information on. Thanks.   ( please send email ).   Ken Huisman	0
I had the same question for my 55lb NEC 5FG monitor. The Apple guy said that their 50lb 16" monitor is OK to put ontop of the Centris and had no coment beyond that. I was going to just put the NEC on the box but then I got to  thinking - the monitor has a small tilt/swivel base so maybe the weight would be more concentrated than with Apple's (I don't know the area of the  base of their tilt/swivel). Additionally, the CDROM drive is in the middle. So I cut a piece of 3/8" thick wood to about 16.2..	1
: Distribution: usa : Reply-To: lihan@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu  : While I'm on the net bugging everyone, is there such a thing as a chip : or chipset to decode Code 39 barcode? I ask for a couple of reasons - : mainly I want a reasonably compact encoding scheme to write information : on magstripe cards and Code 39 appears to be about right. (If the 'right' : way to do it is something else, and it's reasonably easy, can someone let : me know?)  : I might not get a chance to reply too quickly to this or..	2
-  Actually, it's Transoft now, and that's what I meant ;)	1
I would like a reference to an algorithm that can detect whether  one closed curve bounded by some number of bezier curves lies completely within another closed curve bounded by bezier curves.  Thanks.	0
A brilliant algorithm. *NOT*  Seriously - it's correct, up to a sign change. The flaw is obvious, and will therefore not be shown.  sorry about that.	0
(drieux, just drieux) writes (about the armed services):  Well, uh, actually I agree.	3
[snip] (the 3DO is not a 68000!!!) [snip]   The 3DO box is based on an ARM RISC processor, one or two custom graphics chips, a DSP, a double-speed CDROM, and 2MB of RAM/VRAM. (I'm a little fuzzy on the breakdown of the graphics chips and RAM/VRAM capacity).  It was demonstrated at a recent gathering at the Electronic Cafe in Santa Monica, CA. From 3DO, RJ Mical (of Amiga/Lynx fame) and Hal Josephson (sp?) were there to talk about the machine and their plan. We got to see the unit displaying full..	0
We have a minivas-2 and we want to record to an Abekas A66. We have most of the functions working but when we go to set up a record the minivas hangs. We are sending the abekas SMPTE time code. Does anyone have code we can compare to what we have done and is there and ftp site for minivas and abekas code.  Gordon Phillips glp@cray.com	0
the   Not Quite the point to be considdered here! Fact: If/When Apple release system 7 (or what ever is current at the time  of release) then you will see shortly afterwards Apple no longer producing  Hardware...Look at Next with their NextStep486 to see what happens. Who is going to pay Apples Prices when they can get the same thing cheaper  else where! (Heck we can get a Sun Workstation cheaper than a Quadra, and  infact we have a number of times!!!, it ALL comes down to $$$$)  them, It   No t..	1
:  : Where could I find a description of the JPG file format? Specifically : I need to know where in a JPG file I can find the height and width of  : the image, and perhaps even the number of colors being used. :  : Any suggestions? :  : Peter  Try ftp.uu.net, in /graphics/jpeg. -	0
There's this old SE here. It's got the older-style fans that remind me of a house-ventilator. A cylindrical drum instead of the bladed rotor I usually see. Anyway, the SE makes this loud buzzing noise due to vibration somewheres. If I remove the screws and loosen the front from the back, it quiets down. I can only assume that the fan housing from this goofy thing is touching the back of the case and vibrating against it.   Anyway, any suggestions for where to get replacement fans and how to "ste..	1
: A very kind soul has mailed me this reply for the bugs in CView. : Since he isn't in the position to post this himself, he asked me to post : it for him, but to leave his name out. So here it comes: :  : CView has quite a number of bugs. The one you mention is perhaps the most : A stupid question, but what will CView run on and where can I get it? I am still in need of a GIF viewer for Linux. (Without X-Windows.) Thanks!	0
I think this kind of comparison is pretty useless in general. The processor is only good when a good computer is designed around it adn the computer is used in its designed purpose. Comparing processor speed is pretty dumb because all you have to do is just increase the clock speed to increase speed among other things.   I mean how can you say a 040 is faster than a 486 without  giving is operational conditions? Can you say the same when  you are running a program that uses a lot of transidental..	1
Greetings. I've been seeing the word "storage" mentioned  around oscilliscopes but I'm curious, what does it mean?   If my life depended on it, I'd say that it's a scope that  uses long-persistance phosphor to keep the successive  taces on the screen for some unit of time - "store" them.  Do I get to live?   Also, I've been shopping for a decent, used, [old] scope  since my Tek 514A (portable...NOT!) and my Heathkit O-1000  are all single trace and I need more... like 2 or 3 and at  least 50MHz ..	2
I am scanning in a color image and it looks fine on the screen. When I  converted it into PCX,BMP,GIF files so as to get it into MS Windows the colors got much lighter. For example the yellows became white. Any ideas?	0
Actually, what the study shows is that 2 percent of the men surveyed *said* they engaged in homosexual sex and 1 percent *said* they  considered themselves exclusively homosexual.  The point being that what people say and what they acutally do may be different.  It is interesting that this clip from the newspaper did not mention that difference. Maybe it is conservative media bias. :-)	3
I am looking for a 8 meg 72-pin SIMM for my Centris 610. Where is the best place to purchase one (stock, shipping, warrenty), and if possible, phone numbers so that I can order one as soon as possible.  Thanks,  Steven  -  "And hope that there's intelligent life somewhere out in space" Monty Python " 'Cause there's bugger all down here on Earth" The Meaning of Life	1
I Have Version 3.5.1 which I believe was needed for a 040 machine. You should be able to get the newest version by calling their tech support at 1-800-456-5522 or if you have a modem you can get the driver from their BBS at 801-778-4400.    dean    -	1
#1  Clayton, my man...  You are a tad out of touch....  First, gay comunities all over the country are in the process of excluding NAMBLA from parades etc.  #2  Nobody from NAMBLA is gonna get a job in a day care centre. The same liberals you are upset about are also passing laws that make tough background checks for childcare people.  #3  Tell me, how would you feel if your employer fired you for your antigay post on the internet? Would you be upset ? I`ll bet you would be pissed! To some, your..	3
From: New Liberation News Service <nlns> Subject: NLNS: Fascism with a Friendly Face  /* Written 8:33 pm Apr 14, 1993 by nlns@igc.apc.org in igc:nlns.news */ /* - "NLNS Packet 3.11 * 4-14-93" - */  Fascism with a Friendly Face: Does Rush Limbaugh Remind You of  Anyone? Daevid Bornhuetter-Machen, The Madison Edge  "The main difference between Adolf Hitler and Rush Limbaugh is that  Hitler was original and showed initiative."  -Mort Sahl on The Tom Snyder Radio Show, ABC Radio Network,  October 27..	3
Does anyone know if a source for the TCM3105 modem chips (as used in the Baycom and my PMP modems)? Ideally, something that is geared toward  hobbyists: small quantity, mail order, etc.  For years, we've been buying them from a distributor (Marshall) by the hundreds for PMP kits. But orders have dropped to the point where we can no longer afford to offer this service. And all of the distributors I've checked have some crazy minimum order ($100, or so).  I'd like to find a source for those still ..	2
ajteel@dendrite.cs.Colorado.EDU (A.J. Teel) writes...   Wrong. It's possible to inherit a debt.   See above.   The Constitution is not a contract. It is a statute. Please,  Mr. Teel, or anyone, show me one case where the U.S.  Constitution, or any state constitution, is considered a  contract.   It is also designed to delineate the powers of the U.S.  government.   I can't wait.        Daniel Reitman  HOW NOT TO WRITE A DEED  One case involved the construction of a conveyance to grantees "jointl..	3
And I recommend the movie _The Thin Blue Line_, which is about the same case. Not as much legal detail, but still an excellent film. It shows how very easy it is to come up with seemingly conclusive evidence against someone whom you think is guilty.	3
was to  (snip!)  I haven't been following this, so I'm sorry if somebody already mentioned  this, but you could grab a lemon (I think potatoes work too, but I'm not  sure), a strip of copper, and a strip of zinc (I think you can get the  metal in a hardware store or hobby shop, maybe??). Stick the strips in  the lemon (so they don't touch!) and you'll get a measurable voltage (not  a lot, but, hey, it's a lemon :-) ). As I recall we had to hook  something like ten of these things to get an appre..	2
Hello all!  For few past days I've been fighting to get My NEC Multisync 3D (predecessor of 3FG) to work properly with the internal video of Mac IIvi.  With a VGA-adapter (as described in Dale Adams' posting about Quadra video) it works, only some minor interferences occur, small enough not to prevent any action on screen to be visible & clear.  But because the scanrates & stuff of 3D are well enough for emulating Apple 13" RGB, I first made an adapter, then got one fron the local distributor of..	1
Hi.  The RTrace ray tracer supports 3D text as a primitive, not collections of spheres, cylinders and so on... The 3D chars are made of lines and splines that are extruded...  Please have a look at asterix.inescn.pt [192.35.246.17] in directory pub/RTrace. In pub/RTrace/tmp there are some demo images with high quality text. All of them are called Text?.jpg (JPEG encoded). See them first and then tell me what you think.	0
We use them as Christmas tree decorations, the cat doesn't eat these.  -	2
Last I checked I was one person, I haven't even been elected as a representative for "gaydom". Should I ascribe every thing you say as representing every member of the straight community?   Thats the point. If there are several million queers in DC you had better start wondering about the validity of the study.	3
Hi all: Does anyone know where I can get the cheapest price for the Teleport Gold fax modem by Global Village? Any answer will be highly appreciated. Thanks in advance.  Regards,	1
:  Does anybody out there know how the hand held breathalyzer used : by our police works? I would like to hear about this and the more : general problem of detecting smells by machine. :  : Thanks, William. :  : williamb@ee.ubc.ca :   From what I have read about these little gadgets, it works on a electrochemical galvanic principle. The sensing unit has a chemical matrix which produces an electrical voltage proportional to the amount of chemical compound it is designed for ... in this case I bel..	2
taken.  Hum, I guess this has some significance as opposed to having an incredible drop during the last days in office. Unfortuantely having a loss in the polls during the last days of office usually means no re-election. Ask George.   Good one, Roooster. Thats hard to top.	3
Hey what does the A/Rose extension do anyway ?        Michael	1
There SHOULD be a connection of the GROUND wire to a ground in the breaker box. There also should be a connection of the NEUTRAL wire to a ground in the breaker box. There should be no other  place in the building where such a connection occurs (i.e. not in any of the outlet boxes).   The NEUTRAL (white) wire is a 'grounding conductor' for the plug, and is NOT safe to touch, while the GROUND (green) wire is a 'protective ground' and carries no current unless some kind of electrical fault has occ..	2
* SPHINX *   Sphinx is a user-friendly, state-of-the-art image processing and analysis package that runs across a spectrum of high performance  computer platforms operating UNIX and the X-Window System.   It was created to meet to the daily research needs of scientists  conducting climate investigations using satellite data and remote sensing techniques.      Intuitive Graphic Interface   Sphinx features an interactive interface with pop-up menus and  point-and-click dialog boxes which makes ima..	0
A couple of questions for the multimedia set:   1. Does anybody have a phone or fax number, or e-mail address, or name of a principal in CEDAR Technologies in Dublin, New Hampshire? All I have is a post-office box number, and I want to ask a couple of questions before sending them some money. Any info much appreciated.  2. I'm running an SE/30, which came with no microphone. Is there any way, other than using MacRecorder with SoundEdit or CEDAR's digitizer with some similar software, to input re..	1
This is a difficult problem for which there is no obviously good solution. One approach is simply to try and move political opinion and hope a new more libertarian consensus lasts for a while. Another approach is to try and amend the constitution. The original constitution restrained the U.S. government from economic intervention for 100 to 150 years, depending on just how one wants to count it. The First Amendment, though weakened in many ways, still restrains government (particularly state and..	3
# ##So tell me-what's immoral about homosexuality? #  # CC: # #The promiscuity and fetishism that characterizes it. #  # Hmmm. #  # I've told you more than once that I've been monogamous for almost 4 years # now, and that I really don't get into fetishes.  Then you are nearly the only homosexual who is. I don't believe you. You've changed your story before.  # Yet you maintain my homosexual activity is still immoral. #  # Care to elaborate? #  # For that matter, explain why fetishes are immoral?..	3
This seems to be a simple problem but I just cannot solve it. I wrote a C program to draw some polygons on the screen, and I want to  print it on my printer. So, I press "print-screen" on the keyboard. The problem is the printer just print out some ASCII characters. Is there any other way to print the screen without using "print-screen"???? Please help!	0
: I'm trying out the C++ graphics package InterViews. Besides the man pages : on the classes, I haven't got any documentation. Is there anything else : around? Furthermore, can anyone send me a (small!) example program : which shows how to use these classes together ? I would be very gratefull...	0
Narrative, narrative, narrative. . .	3
[Note: I just tried to figure this stuff out about a month ago myself, from various people on the net, so I could be wrong.]  The data is only ever read once (barring mistracks and such, of course), and eventually gets turned into 44.1 KHz, 16 bit, two channel data. Oversampling takes two discrete data points, and interpolates n-1 points between them for n times oversampling. When I asked, people said that the interpolation was not simply linear interpolation, but significantly more complicated...	2
Digi-Key also sells Quad Line Receivers, parts DS1489AN (68cents) and DS1489N (48cents). A Quad Line Driver, part DS1488 (48cents), is also sold. I guess if you don't won't to supply +12V, the chips with the pump-up circuitry might be worth the extra cost. But 1488's and 1489's are available at your friendly neighborhood RS, parts MC1488 (276-2520) for $1.29 and MC1489 (276-2521) for $1.29.	2
Hi ,    I am looking for a polygon fill routine to fill   simple 4 sided polygons .   Can some one who has this routine in C help me in   saving my "REINVENTING" time.   Thanx in advance .....	0
: You were right the second time, it is KNX. Believe it or not, I also : listen to KNX in the evenings here in Colorado! It's kind of fun driving : through the country listening to traffic jams on the 405. Back to your : original question. Yes, there are sensors just past every on-ramp and : off-ramp on the freeways. They're the same sensors used at most stoplights : now (coils in the pavement). You might want to give CalTrans a call or : even ask Bill Keene (KNX's traffic reporter). I doubt if ..	2
I used HP DeskJet with Orange Micros Grappler LS on System6.0.5.  But now I update system 6.0.5 to System7 with Kanji-Talk 7.1, then I can not print by my DeskJet.  Is the Grappler LS old ? Can I use DeskJet on System7 ?  Please tell me how to use DeskJet on System7.  Thank you	1
We have been using Iterated Systems compression board to compress  pathology images and are getting ratios of 40:1 to 70:1 without too much loss in quality. It is taking about 4 mins per image to compress, on a 25Mhz 486 but decompression is almost real time on a 386 in software  alone.	0
wouldany one know afair price for an LC Color card in Aussie dollars?? just wondering...	1
From: push@media.mit.edu (Pushpinder Singh) Subject: re: Centris 610 Video Problem - I'm having it also! Date: Sat, 17 Apr 1993 03:17:45 GMT     I'm having exactly the same problem. Again, it's fine when I switch to 16 colors or a smaller monitor. My configuration is:   Model: Centris 610 with 4 MB/80 HD, 512 VRAM, no cards Monitor: MAG MX15F with 16" monitor adaptor (for resolution of 832*624)   I just discovered the problem a little while ago after plugging in my new MAG monitor. It seems to a..	1
: Hello,  :  : Let me introduce a problem: :  : When I measure a sinusoidal wave (voltage) with a digital voltmeter, using  : AC mode, my output is an rms value (a peak value over 2 squared). / Right? /  : When I measure a square wave in the same mode (AC), my output is equal  : to a peak value, actually, to the upper flat boundary of the wave. : I assumed, that a digital voltmeter makes some kind of integration of the  : input value, and divides it over the wave period. / Right?/ : Now, I used ..	2
[... stuff deleted] [more stuff deleted...]  How do you calculate that figure? I'd assume even in personal computers the board designers would use bank switching to (optimistically)  quadruple the access speed or am I missing something here?  HSK	1
Wow! A 68070! I'd be very interested to get my hands on one of these, especially considering the fact that Motorola has not yet released the 68060, which is supposedly the next in the 680x0 lineup. 8-D	0
I'm making a customized paint program in DOS and need an algorithm for reading bitmap files like GIF, PCX, or BMP. Does anyone have such an algorithm? I've tried copying one out of a book for reading .PCX format but it doesn't work. I will take an algorithm for any format that can be created from Windows Paint.  Thanks! Toni	0
Are you (two) joking? Is the entire Internet flaming you (two)? Ahh!, now I remember that Ohmite company was the first introducing "the pink colored resistor", only for electronics working females ;-)	2
On an ISO/ANSI-standard 5.25" magneto-optical disc, how many sectors are there per track (or disc revolution), and how many tracks per disc?  Thanks,	1
I have an old Mac Plus. A couple of years ago I bought a shiney new lc. It came with apple's new keyboard (with abd ports). i replaced it with a mac-pro-plus extended keyboard (which i thoroughly enjoy, thank you very much).   well, i have this extra keyboard which i would like to use on the plus but there's a little problem. the plus uses an rj-11 jack for keyboard input and the new keyboards don't. i got an extra adb cable from my local apple dealer (they're such nice people), but they couldn'..	1
Hi, I'm just getting into PoVRay and I was wondering if there is a graphic package that outputs .POV files. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks.  Later'ish Craig	0
I remember someone mention about a 150meg syquest. Has anyone else heard anything about this? I'd be interested in the cost per megabyte and the approximate cost of the drive itself and how they compare to the Bernoulli 150.	1
You're not going to like this, but if memory serves me, postings I've read in this newsgroup and elsewhere indicate that there are no, repeat no, internal modems for the Duo besides the Express Modem... at _any_ speed. Something having to do with the modem using the main CPU for some of its tasks, and Apple not releasing details on the architecture, or something. I'm vague on the details, but the gist was that there are going to be no third-party internal Duo modems. If I'm wrong, somebody pleas..	1
MJM>HI, I was wondering if anyone would be able to help me on twwo related MJM>subjects. I am currently learning about AM/FM receivers and recieving MJM>circuits. I understand a lot of things ,but a few things I am confused MJM>abuot. The first is the MIXER, to mix the RF and local oscillator MJM>frequencies to make the IF. Does anyone have any cicruit diagrams (as MJM>simple as possible) for this kind of mixer? I have come across a MJM>MC-SBL mixer chip But I have not been able to find it in an..	2
I am selling my Global Village Teleport 2400 bps modem w/send fax. It connects to the mac through the ADB port. The software for sending faxes is included. I am asking $90. However, I will consider other reasonable offers. Please E-Mail me.  Dave	1
: 3DO is still a concept. : The software is what sells and what will determine its : success.   Apparantly you dont keep up on the news. 3DO was shown at CES to developers and others at private showings. Over 300 software licensees currently developing software for it.	0
One of the easiest, and really very used ways of copyprotection, is to mark  a specific sector on the installation disk bad. This is very easy to get  around, though, if you have any knowledge of hw-hacking, but most 'normal'  users (yes those lowly key-punchers) don't. Whatever you do, please do  _not_ use a hardware key. These were very popular a few years ago, and they  STINK!!  MAIL-mail: gunnarh@sofus.dhhalden.no SNAIL-mail: Gunnar Horrigmo  gunnarh@fenris.dhhalden.no Oskleiva 17  N-1772 No..	2
eu> Apple does not authorise sales through Mail Order. As a result mail  eu> order companies have to obtain their machines by the grey market.  eu>   eu> This market is supplied with machines from authorised resellers who  eu> have more machines than they can sell. They come into this state of  eu> affairs by overordering either accidentally or deliberatly to get a  eu> better wholsale price from Apple. In either case they often obscure  eu> the serial nunber to protect their identity. As a resu..	1
Look for edge inconsistencies. Consider two vertices, p and q, which are connected by at least one edge.  If (p,q) is an edge, then (q,p) should *not* appear.   If *both* (p,q) and (q,p) appear as edges, then the surface "flips" when you travel across that edge. This is bad.   Assuming (warning...warning...warning) that you have an otherwise acceptable surface - you can pick an edge, any edge, and traverse the surface enforcing consistency with that edge.    0) pick an edge (p,q), and mark it as..	0
I have a strange piece of equipment to unload. It is a Ether+ SCSI interface. Apparently, it can be plugged into a SCSI port and from there to an ethernet. That way you save a slot. Nifty. Well, I assume you people know more about it, so, judging by the $350 price tag new, I'll ask, say, $75? Anybody interested?	1
In case you missed it on the news....the first 16 Haitians of many that tested positive for HIV and were being held on a base in Cuba have been flown to the U.S.  Further a U.S. judge has ruled that they must receive medical treatment or be returned to a place where they could receive same.   So guess what folks, we taxpayers get to pick up the tab  (just as you might have expected) for people who have never contributed a dime to the U.S. society.	3
If you can find a copy of "8088 Assembler Language Programming: The IBM PC" by Willen and Krantz, 2nd ed. pub. by Sams, there is a discussion of the game control adapter, monostable multivibrators, and conversion to other uses, as well as an assembler program. If you need greater accuracy, there is no reason you couldn't modify the approach to suit your needs.	2
WGT is the WordUp Graphics Toolkit, designed by yours truly and my co-programmer (and brother) Chris Egerter. It is a Turbo/Borland C++ graphics library for programming in 320*200*256 VGA. We are currently producing it as shareware, but in a few years it may be a commercial product (excuse typos, there's no backspace on this terminal). Features include:  - loading and saving bit-images (called blocks from herein) - flipping, resizing and warping blocks - loading and saving palette, fading, sever..	0
Well it looks as if Digi-Key sells a chip with the number ICL232 that does what you want. They are selling it for about $3.50...  Hope this helps... Frank  -   * * Customer asked "What's that thing?". * * I answered chuckling "Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive * * instrument I use in computer repair! Being a layman, you probably * * cann't grasp exactly what it does. I call it a B.F.H..... * * Frank W. Holden - KA3UWW - "The Radio Doctor" * * - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - | - - - - - ..	2
I've used that reference, and found that I needed to go to their original tech report:   Maureen Stone and Tony DeRose,  "Characterizing Cubic Bezier Curves"  Xerox EDL-88-8, December 1988  This report can be obtained for free from: Xerox Corporation Palo Alto Research Center 3333 Coyote Hill Road Palo Alto, California 94303 +1-415-494-4440  The TOG paper was good, but this tech report had more interesting details ;-)	0
It is obvious that Mr. Cramer has the 'ability' to take the 'leap of faith'. I have listened to several of the men involved in this study, and even they claim that the men involved will not 'tell the whole truth'.  I put little value in extrapolating from these types of 'studies' or 'surveys', they have limited subsets of individuals, and there is alot of skewing due to improper selection methods, and the bias of the people involved in the studies on both sides- subject and researcher.  Would yo..	3
# #Unfortunately, homosexuals don't believe in this concept of freedom. # #They believe that they have a right to FORCE people to hire them, # #rent to them, and do business with them, regardless of the feelings # #or beliefs of the other person. #  # Allow me to point out that Clayton is once again unfairly lumping an # entire class of people, as if they all have one will. Having completely # dived into the abyss of believing that there are no queers in the world # who think differently from th..	3
Perhaps 1%, but most likely not more than 2%. A new study (discrediting Kinsey) says so.	3
[Most info regarding dangers of reading from Floppy disks omitted]  In all fairness, how many people do you know personally who read images from Floppy drives? I haven't tried it with JPEGs, but I do realize how agonizingly slow it is with GIF files.	0
You get a mic with the C650 if you get it with the internal CD ROM drive.  Gary  -	1
Hi... can anybody give me book or reference title to give me a start at  fractal image compression technique. Helps will be appreciated... thanx	0
I am seeking recommendations/Vendors for a Networkable FAX. It would mainly be used for outgoing FAX's from Mac's on our Net. The ability to Fax from other platforms would be a plus. Ethernet interface would be preffered but LocalTalk would suffice. Can anyone provide any info? Thanks in advance, -Peter	1
I have come to the conclusion that the TV stations here in LA  WANT a riot to happen when the verdict comes in.   In a not so subtle way they are preparing their audience for the  worst and even going so far as to want SOMETHING to happen for  their viewers with all their commercials and their "we are ready  for anything so watch US" messages...  carlos.	3
B )>>>>>>>>> Votre host est mal configure... <<<<<<<<<<<<   )Bonjour Sylvain, ) J'ai travaille avec le hc11 il y a 3 ans et je ne me souviens pas de toutes les possibilites mais je vais quand meme essayer de t'aider.  ) Je ne crois pas que downloader une programme directement dans le eeprom soit une bonne idee (le eeprom a une duree de vie limitee a 10 000 cycles il me semble). Le communication break down vient peut-etre du fait que le eeprom est long a programmer (1ms par 8 bytes mais c'est a v..	2
Does NuTek (or anyone at NuTek) have an email address?  If not, why not? =)	1
F A Q !  Reference: Newsgroups: comp.sys.mac.apps,comp.sys.mac.misc,comp.sys.mac.system,  comp.sys.mac.wanted,comp.sys.mac.hardware,comp.answers,news.answers Subject: Introductory Macintosh frequently asked questions (FAQ)	1
The original Mac II had an Apple MMU chip installed which performs a subset of the 68851's functions. If you look underneath your front left floppy bay you will find three chips, all approximately the same size. One will be the 68020, the next the 68881, and the third, approximately the same size, will be the Apple chip. It is easy to spot because it has a 'hump' in the middle of it.   Example:    -  / \  - -  | |  | |  That and the Apple logo should make it easy to find.	1
This can be caused by two one of two things. The first and easiest to fix is interference from something around the monitor, such as another monitor or other electrical device. Try moving the system to another location to fix that problem.  Second, because of the scan rate of the monitor, it tends to synchronize with room lights and can cause the interference you are seeing. Try turning off all lights in the room(s) around the system and see if that helps. If not, try moving the system somewhere..	1
Please could someone in the US give me the current street  prices on the following, with and without any relevant taxes:   8 Mb 72 pin SIMM 16 Mb 72 pin SIMM (both for Mac LC III)  Are any tax refunds possible if they are to be exported to the UK? Can you recommend a reliable supplier?	1
Point your gopher client at merlot.welch.jhu.edu  and select the following directories:   -> 13. Search and Retrieve Software/   -> 8. Search and Retrieve Graphics Software and Data/   And you'll see -      -> 1. Graphics Online Bibliography (ACM SIGGRAPH)/  2. Graphics Software and Data Archives (ftp sites)/  3. Search All Graphics Information <?>  4. Search Comp.graphics FAQ <?>  5. Search Graphics Resources (Software and Data) <?>  6. Search Pictures Utilities FAQ <?>    1. Graphics Online Bi..	0
Here's the scoop. When you get your home brew receiver working, would you be willing to share it with the rest of us? I always wanted to build my own but never have the time to fool around and design it.  pin 1: signal ground pin 2: signal pin 3: always hot +6 volts pin 4: +6 volts, hot only when preamp is turned on pin 5: infrared repeater connectors  The infrared repeater jacks on the back of the preamp are not connected to anything inside the preamp except the 5 pin connector pin #5. There is..	2
Well, although this may be an uncommon occurrence (or not) I had a "bad" experience with TechWorks. This past summer I upgraded (increased) the memory in a powerbook and a ci. When I called to place the order for the PB RAM, I was told by the sales person that they would give me a $50 rebate if I would return the original RAM (which was also TechWorks RAM.) I followed the instructions for returning the old RAM, expecting to see a credit on my VISA within a few weeks.  Well, months went by, and n..	1
I just got my advance program and the "card in the back" is for the  Exhibits Plus program - the exhibits plus admission to a number of  conference venues, including a special general session, "Behind the  Scenes: Computer Graphics in Film." Admission is not free, but is a  nominal $30 (exhibits are open August 3 - 5).   To get a copy of the advance program, you can call 312-321-6830; the  advance program itself is a good indication of the excitement of the  conference!    Sorry - doesn't work t..	0
I have a spare Fluke 8062A. This is a true RMS digital meter with 4.5 digit display. It's in "average" condition (been used) but  works fine - which is what Fluke's are all about. BTW - according to the fellow who designed these meters, they can be converted to 8060A function by clipping a jumper, and adding the 2 extra switches.. Like I said $115 seems fair - these sell for $300+ new.	2
# |## |#2. Professors get summers off; industry employees don't. # |##  # |## What professor gets the summer off ? The primary purpose of a professor # |## at a university is to publish. Teaching is secondary. The summer # |## is when professors are able to do the research required for their # |## papers. # |# # |#I'm told by my advisor that only at some universities is publishing # |#the primary emphasis; many professors in the Cal State University # |#system don't publish at all. Those that pr..	3
But remember that had God extinguished the blasphemous trash of Europe (and Imperialism with it), the United States would not exist today to put an end to those "games"....begs the question, which came first, the chicken or the egg???	3
Yes, quite a number of people it seems from discussions I've had (me included). I bought my machine a couple of weeks ago as well and started to experience these problems.  Apple Australia via my dealer said that this problem has a number of potential causes - Faulty applications, faulty third party hardware (modems, memory etc), system software, PRAM corruption and power manager corruption, and the Duo hardware itself.  None of the above are relevant in my case except the last two maybe (no app..	1
Not recommended. Your circuit would take too much current, when telephone is on-hook. Telephone company does not like it.	2
What conclusion can be drawn from this? I'm trying to figure out what kind of memory configuration for the LC III (32-bit datapath) would be fastest. Any ideas?  Thanks, Jason MacDonald	1
For some reason the name Grayhill springs to mind - saw something like that in a Grayhill catalog, along with options for custom printed overlays and a neat little electroluuminescent backing that would make the whole shebang glow a nice shade of green ..  mighty handy if you're trying to key a door combination in the dark and don't want to TURN ON THE &%#$!! LIGHT ..	2
THANKS! It did work, and it is just what I needed thanks...	0
Finally got my computer fixed and I'd like to sum up.  About hard drive companies: the original 160 meg drive that was bad (bad sector or something) was an IBM. The new one is a Quantum. Is the LCIII supposed to be shipped with IBMs? Is there a quality difference?  Apparently! :)  Second, about hard drive position. I've put the LCIII on its side and the new 160 HD has had no problems at all. I've even switched back and forth between horizontal and vertical and there are no problems. As far as I'..	1
s,  This country is hardly ruined. In fact, it is booming compared to after the 1980 election.  This whole "USA has gone to hell and Reagan/Bush caused it", is not only lame, pathetic, and old....... it's wrong.  Under Reagan/Bush the economy grew by 1.1 trillion dollars. This is more than  the entire economy of Germany, a "kind, gentle" country, in many peoples'  books. What a joke.	3
Here in Erie, PA there is a system in the inner city called Rado-Lite (a  trade name) which allows police and ambulance vehicles to gain right of  way by controlling traffic lights through RADIO signals. The receivers  look much like what you describe, but they include a UHF whip antenna (less than a foot tall) and a light which flashes on and off to let traffic know that  an emergency vehicle has taken control and is approaching. Local folklore  says this system was invented here; I don't know ..	2
1) Output offset: Obtain the service manual for the oscilloscope and adjust the internal output offset contorl. There is virtual certainty that there is an internal ajustment for the offset control's zero detent position.  2) Verify that the function generator is properly loaded. Many generators expect you to supply a 50 ohm load. Go to a hamfest flea market and scrounge around for a pass-through 50 ohm terminator that has a male and female BNC (or whatever) connector on it. The calibrator on my..	2
I would like to know if a Performa Plus monitor is compatible with Apple 14in Color Display, or it is just a VGA moniro. Any help will be appreciate.	1
Hi,   I've just built a valve preamp and use a diode/capacitor voltage multiplier to step the 12vAC supply voltage up to approx  260vDV. As the load resistance increases, the RC constant decreases and hence the output voltage drops. I need as high an output voltage as possible. (about 260v).  The circuit consists of seven voltage multiplier stages (ie 14 diodes and 14 capacitors) each capacitor develops about 38v across them, and I take the output from across seven capacitors=260v.  Each capacit..	2
Why all the quote marks, Roy? I can see that they might be appropriate where there is a legitimate concern that the words are being distorted by context,  or that they have been appropriated Newspeak-style, but, reading your comments above, one might be excused if they assumed that you were claiming that "child abuse", "forced" sexual activity, and "damage" caused by this is non-existant or greatly overblown.  "Positive experiences", indeed!  -Paul Elliott (Member in good standing of the Optilin..	3
I bought the diamond stealth 24 a few months ago. it seems to be a great card especially with my multimedia presentations. It runs graphics and animation as well as some near full motion video very well. The only thing I can tell that it lacks is speed above 256 colors. Its qualit in between 256 and 16.7 million collors un unreal but you definitly compromise speed. It seems to be a great card for graphics and it comes with some great software, but Im not so sure about the excelerator part. I use..	0
it may be a little late to reply to your tirade and also on an inaapropriate board but along with all of the so called great things the white male has done they have also contributed to society by means of mass genocide, the theft of ideas and cultures, creating and the perptration of historical lies throughouttime among many other horrible activities. but every culture has its upside and its downside. it seems to me that the  white male (must be extremely ignorant to qualify for the following -..	3
I am in the market for a 120M hard drive! I have a IIsi with 5/80 and I am almost all filled up! Is anyone selling any HD's for the Mac for cheap? Where can I get one through mail order and where is the best place to buy from for the best prices? Is there anyone on the net or on this newsgroup that sells them for wholesale or cheaper? Any info would be appreciated! Thanks!	1
: >I want to upgrade my system and was thinking of buying Adcom seperates. : >I have heard from alot of people, though, that Adcom sounds great but : >that the components are made cheaply and therefore won't last very long. : >The time estimates I've heard are like only 3 or 4 years. Is this true?  I own the Adcom 60W power amp. As far as I'm concerned, there's no  amp which can touch it at the price range. The build quality is very impressive and is far superior to other   amps in the price ran..	2
Hi,  I'm interested in writing a program to generate a SIRD picture, you know the stereogram where you cross your eyes and the picture becomes 3D.  Does anyone have one or know where I can get one?  Please e-mail to steveq@sndcrft.DIALix.oz.au with any replies.  Many thanks for your help.	0
I'm looking for shading methods and algorithms. Please let me know if you know where to get source codes for that.  Thanks a lot!  Thomas   +-+ +-+	0
These circuits abound in most electronic project books. If you're more inclined to buy something, try Radio Shack. I think they still have a device that is designed to disconnect an answering machine when an extension line is lifted. It has LED indicators also.	2
: >Hi Netters, : > : >I'm building a CAD package and need a 3D graphics library that can handle : >some rudimentry tasks, such as hidden line removal, shading, animation, etc. : > : >Can you please offer some recommendations? : > : >I'll also need contact info (name, address, email...) if you can find it. : > : >Thanks : > : >(Please Post Your Responses, in case others have same need) : > : >Bob Carpenter : >  The following is extracted from sumex-aim.stanford.edu. It should also be on the mirro..	0
I have finally decided to update my SE :-)). I am planning on buying a Centris 610-8/230 CD. Now, what monitor should I get? Here are a few guidelines:  My wife uses PageMaker occasionally, I use Excel sometimes  and I do alot of Telecommuting from home to work. We both  do Word processing. Greater than 14 inches.  I have looked at the Radius Color Pivot. This can be bought for under $1000. I have heard good things about the E-Machines T-16, the older model not the new T-16 II. How about the Sup..	1
Umm, when I was doing sound reinforcement for a living, I used to get direct boxes (which convert unbalanced 1/4" jacks to balanced XLRs) for about $25 each, or a little more for higher quality. You'll need two for a stereo signal, of course, and a little adapter thingy from  Radio Sh#$&^t to convert from RCA to 1/4". Total cost should be around $50. You can also buy transformers for quite a bit less and wire them yourself. Total cost there should be under $30. You can get all this stuff from an..	2
I'm having a real tough time finding out the proper adapters to use a VGA monitor (an IBM 8513 sold w/ many PS/2's to be exact) on the Mac LC III.  All of the vendors I have called say that the internal video will not work on a true VGA monitor but will work on a IBM Compatible multisync like the sony's or the NEC monitors. I thought the VGA capability of LCIII was very attractive because it allowed you to use inexpensive VGA monitors. Am I confused or are these vendors just not up to speed? Has..	1
SIGKIDS CALL FOR PARTICIPATION SIGKids Research Showcase is where learning is hip. Pushing the edge in education, computer graphics, and new technologies, the SIGKids Research Showcase will provide SIGGRAPH's attendees with the latest in applying computer technology to form state of the art educational experiences. So hop to it! Submit any works which converge the disciplines of education and computer technology.  Possible categories and domains include but are NOT LIMITED to:  -Interactive/stan..	0
Yes,  Take Interstate I-70 to the route 48 exit. Go south on 48 about 2-1/2 miles. Trun right on Shiloh Springs Road. The hamvention is at the Harrah arena, which is about 1 mile west and on the north side of the Road. Parking at the arena is limited. Lodging is probably entirely booked-up within a 40 mile radius. Good luck.   | |  48 I75  | | -I70-....-  | |  | |  X | | (mall) -| |  S. Springs |  It is possible to park at the mall to the west. There are shuttle busses running between the arena ..	2
I would like to modulate a 40KHz squarewave over rf. This is for a rf remote control project. The squarewave has a high of 5 v and low of 0v.  thanks.  tron	2
I keep finding these programmers in local junk shops. This may mean that they are indeed junk - but i'd like to hear from anyone  else that may have met up with them. The basic device is a "Data I/O 29A universal programmer", and the usual pod is a  "LogicPak 303A-Vo4" with a "303A-001" programming tester/ adapter. I'd really like to hear from anyone who knows whether these monsters are worth bothering with. All i want to do is blast PALCE22V10s. - Ideas, folks Mike.	2
Dear Mac-friends,  I've seen the following problem om three Mac IIsi machines all with 17 Mb RAM installed (70 or 80 ns SIMMs).  If the contents of a window are being calculated and updated a lot of strange horizontal lines are temporarily generated on the screen. The lines translate to the top of the screen and have a slightly lower brightness than their surroundings (they are a few millimeters apart). I admit that they are vague, but they can still be distinguished clearly, especially if the e..	1
We're about ready to take a bold step into the 90s around here by accelerating our rather large collection of stock MacPlus computers. Yes indeed, difficult to comprehend why anyone would want to accelerate a MacPlus, but that's another story. Suffuce it to say, we can get accelerators easier than new machines. Hey, I don't make the rules...  Anyway, on to the purpose of this post: I'm looking for info on MacPlus acelerators. So far, I've found some lit on the Novy Accelerator and the MicrMac Mu..	1
Have you tried the library? Since you go to WPI (so do I), go to AK and look on the first floor, a  professor has posted an IEEE (i believe) spec sheet on the 68060 which is around 10 pages long. I'm sure the library has the info you request, It's just a matter of finding it.   Hope this helps, Bret Chase	1
Can somebody point out to me where I can find the specs for .GL and .FLI files found on PC's?	0
Just as a matter of interest, a self-promo computer graphics sequence  that one of the local TV stations used to play quite a lot a couple of years ago showed a 3D flyover of Australia from the West coast to the East. The clouds were quite recognisable as fuzzy, flat, white Mandlebrot sets!!	0
What's the latest and greatest way to dim incandescent lamps ?  March '93 Circuit Cellar has part one of an article about dimming 120VAC lamps, but it seems to lead into phase- control as the best method for controlling brightness.  I've always hated phase-control for the RFI, buzzing filaments and non-linear adjustment range. I had heard that you can modulate the AC line on a cycle by cycle basis to get better results. To cut the lamp's power to 50% you would givemsay 20 cycles of AC, then noth..	2
Yes, I know it sounds crazy. Call it an urge. Call it what you want. Just don't ask why :-)  Anyway, I'd like to build a UV flashlight, cheaply. "flashlight" means it should be reasonably portable, but could have a power pack if necessary.  My main question is the bulb: where can I get UV bulbs? Do they need a lot of power? etc., etc.  I'm not too concerned with whether it's long-wave or short-wave (but hey, if anyone has a cheap source of bulbs, I'll take both).  One other thing: a friend of mi..	2
Sorry!! :-)  Call the four points A, B, C and D. Any three of them must be non-collinear (otherwise all three could not lie on the surface of a sphere) and all four must not be coplaner (otherwise either they cannot all lie on a sphere or they define an infinity of them).  A, B and C define a circle. The perpendicular bisectors of AB, BC and CA meet in a point (P, say) which is the centre of this circle. This circle must lie on the surface of the desired sphere.  Consider the normal to the plane..	0
I need to get an Apple 40SC tape backup unit working under Sys 7.0.x, but do not have any drivers/software to access the device. Does anyone know where I can fidn the tools to access this device?  Appreciate any info/comments.  -curtis	1
Anyone have any expierience with PSI's comstation 5?  Please contact me if you had (or have a suggesiton for a Really Good 14.4 modem with 14.4 fax for the macintosh).  - Via UCI v1.35 (C-Net Amiga)   Dennis T. Cheung The DTC(tm) Corporation of America America Online: DTC Internet: DTC%MLinkNet@HotCity.Com	1
}Out of what hat did you pull this one? dB is a ratio not an RBOC!  } [...] }Sorry. The unit for current is the AMPERE which is the name of a french-man }named AMPERE who studied electrical current. The term AMP is just an abbreviation }of it. The company AMP came after the AMPERE unit was already in use. } [...] }I don't know about this one, but it doesn't sound right. } [...] }Well you got one thing right!  Hello? John? Oh, nevermind...  Jeff	2
My CorelDRAW 3.0.whatever write SCODL files directly. Look under File|Export on the main menu.	0
I don't have nor Imagine nor Real 3d, but as old Amiga user I think you should take a look also to  Real 3d 2.0 for the Amiga. I saw Imagine 2.0 on the Amiga for a long time at my friend's home, and I've seen R3D 2.0 in action at Bit.Movie 93 in Riccione, Italy (an Italian Computer Graphics Contest). Many professionals using 3d Studio on PC, SoftImage for Silicon Graphics and Imagine on the Amiga were  *VERY IMPRESSED* by the power of this programs. Sorry, I've lost the posting with full descrip..	0
This is definitely the wrong newsgroup for this, but never mind. Any machine powered by heat (motor, steam- or gasturbine, steamengine,  thermoelement,etc) work the better, the bigger the temperature difference  between input and output is. Because You never get all thermic energy out of  the powering medium (steam, burning gaz, etc), You have to eliminate the rest  of the energy to keep the efficency high. A thermal electric power plant (coal,  oil or atomic power) works just the same way. You ..	2
Jeff,  I have answers to both of your questions. First, I recommend the Sony CPD-1320 monitor. It is a 14" Trinitron VGA monitor, but it is designed specifically for use with the LC. It works only with Macs with specific video capabilities which means only the LC's and anything after the ci. All it takes is a MAC<->VGA cable (I recommend one from James Engineering which is about $20). These cost about $335 as compared to the much higher prices of comparable monitors because they are not multisyn..	1
Once more around the racetrack. See the original statement that it is nonsense to believe that you cannot legislate morality. I simply stated that they can pass all the laws they want but not a single one of them will make you or I more moral people. They may make us act in a moral manner, but our actions are only a reflection of the unwillingness to risk punishment. They say nothing about whether we have become more moral or not. Perhaps the distinction is too fine.     TOG	3
Yes, it is possible to add a second hard drive to a mac IIcx internally. This is definitely not a recommended procedure by Apple but I have done the equivalent to my CX after upgrading it to a Quadra 700. The power supply is still the stock CX's and it was able to power two Quantum LPS drives, a PLI SCSI  accelerator, a Micron technologies 24 bit video board, Daystar QuickCache, New Technologies Overdrive and 20 meg of RAM simultaneously.  I added a new mount for the drive by attaching angle bra..	1
: >over where it places its temp files: it just places them in its : >"current directory".  : I have to beg to differ on this point, as the batch file I use : to launch cview cd's to the dir where cview resides and then : invokes it. every time I crash cview, the 0-byte temp file : is found in the root dir of the drive cview is on.  I posted this as well before the cview "expert". Apparently, he thought he knew better.	0
thus  Curiously, in modern PostScript, the point in a polygon problem can be solved even more easily. To wit:  %! %%Title: Point in Polygon %%Creator: Allen B (ab@cc.purdue.edu) %%For: the amusement of comp.graphics regulars %%LanguageLevel: 2 %%DocumentNeededResource: humor sense thereof %%EndComments  % This program will test whether a point is inside a given polygon. % Currently it uses the even-odd rule, but that can be changed by % replacing ineofill with infill. These are Level 2 operators..	0
I can't find CTDS (Connect The Dots Smoother) in France. If it is a commercial program I'll happily pay whatever it may cost (do not take it litterally). Please help! I have *LOTS* of PoV sources, texture images and animations though, if you are looking for something, just tell.	0
[ edited ]  Now that's funny! (remembering that good humor always dances uncomfortably close to the truth)   I can't wait to see the inevitable flames. :-)	3
At the moment i'm trying to grab a portion of a Starbase screen, and store it in an area of memory. The data needs to be in a 24-bit format (which shouldn't be a problem as the app is running on a 24 bit screen), though i'm not too fussy about the exact format.  (I actually intend to write the data out as a TIFF but that bits not the problem)  Does anyone out there know how to grab a portion of the screen? The block_read call seems to grab the screen, but not in 24 bit colour, whatever the scree..	0
Circuit Cellar Inc. 4 Park St. Suite 20 Vernon, CT 06066 (203)875-2751	2
This may be a fairly routine request on here, but I'm looking for a fast polygon routine to be used in a 3D game. I have one that works right now, but its very slow. Could anyone point me to one, pref in ASM that is fairly well documented and flexible?  Thanx,  //Lucas.	0
Well, the fact of the matter is that poverty is imperfectly related to  social and political instability, while economic inequality is much more strongly related. In virtually all major revolutions including England (the Puritan revolution), France, Russia and China, the  revolutions occurred as economies were undergoing substantial long term  growth and poverty was declining. What sets off revolutions is massive inequality coupled with a perception on the part of those at the bottom that social..	3
currently I am using the 8051 microcontroller with external eprom..  In order to drive the dc motor (with direction) I use the Pulse width modultion   thru software control(Assembly language programming). However I am afraid that  they will be overheads and thus alter the pulse timing. My question is   is the software pwm control reliable?. I understand that port 0 is a latch  and so I vary the duty cycle by setting it high first and at the desire	2
The problem is that the pins in the ADB connector  are close to each other, and if you happen to bend the cable a little while inserting it, you short the ADB port. If you take it to an Apple Repair Centre, that means a new motherboard (though a component replace IS physically possible)  Same goes for serial ports (LocalTalk as well)  Cheers,       / h+ -   - Jon W{tte, h+@nada.kth.se, Mac Hacker Deluxe -	1
improve these kids' chances>>of getting another job in the future, but what  inner city kid would want to hold>>down just one more minimum wage job when  there is so much more money to be made>>dealing drugs?   I suppose the correct answer is not "family values"?  S'pose not. Never mind. Sorry.	3
Here's a list of 800 numbers I have compiled from other sources...  anybody got anything to add?  It's formatted for Alpha, and looks fine for me, so don't complain if it  doesn't look good to you.     * Adobe     1-415-961-0911  FAX info    1-800-235-0078  * Aldus     1-206-622-5500  * Alladin     1-408-685-9175  * Altsys     1-214-680-2060  * APDA      1-800-282-2732  (Apple Prog Dev Assoc)  * Apple Computer   1-408-996-1010  * Apple Customer    1-800-776-2333  Non-Tech assistance  * APS      ..	1
Does anyone has a table about the size of the wire to the amount of current it can carry. Probably in the 1-15amp range. My friend is interested in converting a Mazda into an electric car. Needed information for estimation. Thanks in advance.	2
Yeah, Corel Draw and WordPerfect Presentations pretty limited here, too.  Since there's no (not really) such thing as a decent raster to vector conversion program, this "tracing" technique is about it. Simple stuff, like b&w logos, etc. do pretty well, while more complicated stuff goes haywire. I suspect (even though I don't write code) that a good bitmapped to vector conversion program would probably be as big as most of these application softwares we're using - but even so, how come one hasn't..	0
Horrors, appealing to popular principles. Can we perhaps as the question of whether the Constitution might have been written to appeal to the principles, rather than, as you appear to believe, it was written with something else in mind and "propoganda" put out by its supporters.   But let's be honest about something, here. When was the last time you brought up all the valid points against your own arguments?   Or are they simply propogranda? We can't know what Phill *really* means because he's o..	3
Either the government has force available to it, or it doesn't. The Libertarian position is that the government can use force only when someone else uses force first - even when that first force is not directed against the government, but one of its citizens. That all being true,  what safeguards do we have against the government CLAIMING that some initiation of force on its part is really a response? (Like the burning of the Maine, the Tonkin Gulf incident, or the assault on Waco?)  I ask this ..	3
... an amazing illustration of disconnection from reality.  Glad to see that you agree that the current Government is reticent about admitting the sovereignty of the people! Speaking from personal experience, I have had judges illegally assume jurisdiction even after I demanded that the DA prove such jurisdiction on the record, and the DA stood mute. I have also had an appellate court uphold such action and hide behind California Rules of Court, Rule 106 ("The judges of the appellate department ..	3
does anyone have any good code to drive the serial port in syncronos mode? I really need it BAD  TIA	1
I'm getting a sad Mac icon on a black screen with the error code 0300FF. Could someone please tell me what's wrong? Memory?   Thanks a lot. I'd appreciate it infinitely...	1
How about calling someone with the Caller ID service and have them call you back with the number?  -	2
: Are there significant differences between V2.01 and V2.00 ? : Thank you for helping   No. As I recall, the only differences are in the 3ds.set parameters - some of the defaults have changed slightly. I'll look when I get home and let you know, but there isn't enough to actually warrant upgrading.	0
Apple doesn't make such a card, though I suppose a third party could. One big problem is that there isn't room for a standard NuBus card inside the LC III.  noah	1
Hello everybody !  If you are using PIXAR'S RenderMan 3D scene description language for creating 3D worlds, please, help me.   I'm using RenderMan library on my NeXT but there is no documentation about NeXTSTEP version of RenderMan available. I can create very complicated scenes and render them using surface shaders,  but I can not bring them to life by applying shadows and reflections.  As far as I understand I have to define environmental and shadows maps to produce reflections and shadows, bu..	0
Hi folks  I'm planning to buy a LCIII but need advice on choosing a monitor. What do people recommend for a decent 14"/15" monitor?   I'v looked at some ads and the spec for NEC 4FG/4FGe and the price is  within my budget, but could LCIII be able to use the various resolutions  available on 4FG (specifically the 1024x768 resolution)? Does LCIII only  support one resolution?  Also any recommendations for a reliable mail order place for LCIII or monitors? Does anyone have experience with the follo..	1
In the past I've managed to buy used neon sign transformers from sign shops  for about $20. Try calling around.	2
Hi everyone,  I thought that some people may be interested in my VR software on these groups:  *Announcing the release of Multiverse-1.0.2*  Multiverse is a multi-user, non-immersive, X-Windows based Virtual Reality system, primarily focused on entertainment/research.  Features:   Client-Server based model, using Berkeley Sockets.  No limit to the number of users (apart from performance).  Generic clients.  Customizable servers.  Hierachical Objects (allowing attachment of cameras and light sour..	0
# #The argument that "slavery was a dying institution" was often made by #        ^^^ #        (IS) #  # #historians, mainly Southerners, who sought to divert attention from the  # #institution as the central issue of the Civil War. In fact, however, # #the argument is specious, at best. More recent scholarship from the  # #last 20-30 years demonstrates rather conclusively that the cotton/sugar/ # #tobacco economy and its reliance on slavery was increasingly dominant in  # #the South prior to th..	3
Many thanks to those who replied to my appeal for info on a drive I have which is 3.5" 600RPM!!  I now have some information on how to modify this for use with a BBC B  computer. Not only do you have to change the speed from 600 to 300 rpm (tried that) but also change 8 components in the Rec/Play section to allow for the lower data rate (250kbit, not 500kbit as it was designed for) and also change the Recording Current to allow for the low data rate/rev speed!  Hopefully this should sort it all ..	2
Your bad English? (See quote above.)    You'd lose that wager, if the supporting argument were part of it.   Did you know that Hitler himself was a devout Christian? And heterosexual?  -Drywid	3
The point is that the original poster was talking about connecting ground and neutral in the *outlet* box (big NO NO), and you are talking about them being connected in the breaker box (as things should be).  If this is not obvious, the point is that there should be current flow in the white, i.e. neutral/return wires when things in the house are operating. There should not be any flow in the ground wires unless there is a fault condition. Notice also that in the breaker box there is a wire lead..	2
d88-jwa@hemul.nada.kth.se (Jon Wtte) writes ...  The only problem is going to be finding someone who can make a 200MHz computer system. Could be tough.	1
We have been shipping for over one year the Adobe Display PostScript (DPS) on Silicon Graphics workstations, file servers, and supercomputers. The Adobe Illustrator 3.5 for Silicon Graphics machines was released last February. Adobe and SGI announced last October that Photoshop will be available on SGI systems in 1993. Initial release will support  24-bit color graphics.	0
The tax protesters are legally correct, but they are put in jail anyway.  The weakness of the governments legal position is shown by the fact that when someone protesting tax or gun laws on legal grounds gets a federal jury trial (very rare) the feds blatantly stack the jury, with the same old faces turning up time after time.  However Teel should have mentioned that though his advice is legally sound, if you follow it you will probably wind up in jail.	3
Last night I heard something about Bill Clinton's sister being involved in a marijuana bust, and the news being suppressed. I also heard something about her being an "ex-con". This source is not reliable, though. (It was a collage/booklet advertising a local band.)  Can anyone on the net verify this or provide more details? I'm surprised I haven't seen anything about this in this newsgroup.  Also, does anyone know what happened to the charges that Shalala was a regular pot smoker when she was in..	3
AllThe Devil ReincarnateSWR meter for CB radios  TD>From: ssave@ole.cdac.com (The Devil Reincarnate) TD>Organization: CDAC, WA TD>What TD>is a good choice for a CB? 1/4 or 1/8 wave? TD> I read the installation instructions on a 1/4 wave antenna, TD>and they suggested that I use an SWR to tune it at channel 12 TD>and channel 32 for a minimum reading. Question is, why channel TD>12 and 32?  The best antenna is one that will let out the most wave (probably not the  best explanation, but the rest ma..	2
[ These two paragraphs are from two different posts. In splicing them   together it is not my intention to change Steve's meaning or misrepresent  him in any way. I don't *think* I've done so. ]   Part of what started this was my earlier example of Illinois, USA requiring anyone doing more than X automobile transfers a year (X = 10, I think) to become licensed as a used car dealer. In addition, it requirs anyone with a used car dealer's license to own at least 10 cars at a time, all the time.   ..	3
Device........ LT1839 @ IC (mA)..... 50 V(BR)CEO (V).. 70 CCB (pF)...... 2.5 V(BR)CBO (V).. 120 VCE (V)....... 15 IC (mA) max... 300 Polarity...... NPN hFE min....... 20 Package....... 79-04 hFE max....... 60 Material...... Metal fT (GHz)...... 1 Price (100+)..  Device........ LT5839 @ IC (mA)..... 60 V(BR)CEO (V).. 65 CCB (pF)...... 1.5 V(BR)CBO (V).. 80 VCE (V)....... 10 IC (mA) max... 300 Polarity...... PNP hFE min....... 15 Package....... 79-04 hFE max....... 60 Material...... Metal fT (GHz)..	2
Yeah, I'm also curious as to why you felt compelled to remind us of the guy's race. BTW, I don't mean to imply that you're clueless or anything, but the statement was *hardly* "benign".  -	3
:>:It would seem that a society with a "failed" government would be an ideal :>:setting for libertarian ideals to be implemented. Now why do you suppose :>:that never seems to occur?... :> :> :>I fail to see why you should feel this way in the first place. Constant :>combat isn't particularly conducive to intellectual theorizing. Also, :>they tend to get invaded before they can come to anything like a stable :>society anyway.  :  :And the reason that the Soviet Union couldn't achieve the ideal o..	3
Well, here are the results of the Mathematica test which I posted to this newsgroup. The "test" was the following command:    I was just curious how fast the plot command would be executed on various Macintosh machines as well as other personal computers and workstations. The results are posted below:  Machine  System  Math vers. # of trials time, min  PB 170  7.0.0 with 2.1  2  2:08   tuneup/8MB   RAM/5MB for   Mathematica  DEC 5000 Ultrix v4.2a 2.1 for  1  0:25   DEC RISC        IIsi  7.1/cach..	1
"auto from	1
Does anyone have any experience using LCIII with MIDI? Do they get along OK? I have heard that the IIvx is not suitable for MIDI, but I have not heard anyon e say anything definitive about LCIII and MIDI? If you have had experience, wh at MIDI interface have you used? Anyone used Finale software in this setting?  Please e-mail. I will summarize.  Thanks,	1
You have just reminded me of an old Tom Paxton song...  I"M CHANGING MY NAME TO CHRYSLER (Tom Paxton, 1980)  Oh the price of gold is rising out of sight And the dollar is in sorry shape tonight What the dollar used to get us Now won't buy a head of lettus No the economic forecast isn't right But amidst the clouds I spot a shining ray I caneven glimpse a new and better way And I've devised a plan of action Worked it down to the last fraction And I'm going into action here today.  Chorus:   I am c..	3
From the Santa Rosa (Cal.) Press-Democrat, April 15, 1993, p. B2:   Male sex survey: Gay activity low   A new natonal study on male sexual behavior, the most thorough  examination of American men's sexual practices published since  the Kinsey report more than four decades ago, shows about 2  percent of the men surveyed had engaged in homosexual sex and  1 percent considered themselves exclusively homosexual.   The figures on homosexuality in the study released Wednesday  by the Alan Guttmacher I..	3
The docs say that it's a SCSI Manager bug, if this changes things at all...	1
#Yet, when a law was proposed for Virginia that extended this  #philosophy to cigarette smokers (so that people who smoked away #from the work couldn't be discriminated against by employers), #the liberal Gov. Wilder vetoed it. Which shows that liberals don't #give a damn about "best person for the job," it's just a power #play.  Of course Clayton ignores the fact that employers pay health insurance, and insurance for smokers is more expensive than for non-smokers.	3
HEAR HEAR!!!   REALLY? i thought that the reason it was 42 was that it is REALLY 24, but written as 42 so that on Intel chips you could get the proper value :)  -pete  help stomp out the endian wars... break some eggs on their sides!	0
I am involved with a Michigan company that has an application requiring  wireless data transfer. If you have expertise or information that may  assist us in this project, please contact me (INTERNET: leblanc@cvm.msu. edu).	2
Does anyone out there have the toll-free (catalog request and order line) for Heathkit/Zenith? Please post the number if you've got it! Thanks.	2
To: ad994@Freenet.carleton.ca  JW> 1) Where is there a book or code that will teach me how JW> to read and write pcx,dbf,and gif files?  JW> 2) How do I access the extra ram on my paradise video board JW> so I can do paging in the higher vga modes ie: 320x200x256 JW> 800x600x256  JW> 3) anybody got a line on a good book to help answer these question?  Here are some that I have that are very good:   Graphics File Formats, Kay and Levine, ISBN 0-8306-3059-7  Supercharged Bitmapped Graphics, Rimmer..	0
AAAAAAAAAAAA! RUN! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!    Then why are they in the process of systematically dismantling some of their socialistic health care systems through privitization of key components?   If I hold a gun to your wife, would you respond the same way? I don't think so. While the age of aquarius may have hit the White House, the age of peace love and harmony hasn't hit in South Central LA nor has it hit in former Yugoslavia. And as long as there are people in the world who would rather see me..	3
each	1
I followed up without a thought of double-checking...if I double-checked every fact people vomited onto the table here on the net, I'd never have time to sleep. But to pass the buck to the person who originally posted that quote...  ...well, Michael? Take it away! (wild applause)  Drewcifer	3
I am working on a program to display 3d wireframe models with the user being able to arbitrarily change any of the viewing parameters. Also, the wireframe objects are also going to have dynamic attributes so that they can move around while the user is "exploring" the wireframe world.  To do this, I am thinking of using the SRGP package described in the Van Dam, Foley and Feiner book, but I was wondering if there was another PD graphics package out there which was faster. I would like to make the..	0
TJ This problem is most likely the same that all cx users are experiencing.... Thanks to one very adventurous USENET reader (sorry I can't remember the guy's name! Somebody please post it....he deserves the credit for saving us all $$$$$) it is easily fixed, if it is the same problem......	1
I want to go from 512K to 1M VRAM on my Quadra 800. How many 512K SIMMS do I need to buy? Is the current 512K soldered on the board or do I need to take out the current VRAM before I add more?  Thanks,  Wesley Stuart Jones	1
Hi. I am looking into buying a Floptical Drive, and was wondering what  experience people have with the drives from Iomega, PLI, MASS MicroSystems,  or Procom. These seem to be the main drives on the market. Any advice?  Also, I heard about some article in MacWorld (Sep '92, I think) about  Flopticals. Could someone post a summary, if they have it?  Thanks in advance. (Reply by post or email, whichever you prefer.)  -Nizam  -	1
Well, I don't think your query was exactly polite, but I will TRY to give you a polite responce. Something atypical of the net, but here it goes.   Black is a descriptive adjective that describes Mr. King. From many of the newspaper, radio, and tv news reports I have seen, this adjective  is commonly in front of his name. I have NEVER seen anyone complain about the use of this adjective when used in a benign manner. I did not say that Mr. King was a no good black! I do not know Mr. King and woul..	3
Hi, I got a glimpse from the other side, talking to the technician at the place I recently bought my Mac from. The guy told me that they stopped shipping SIMMs to their customers and only install them themselves - those babies get zapped too easily by static electricity or so they claim.  HSK	1
i am sorry, but this genoa card does nothing that the ATI ultra plus 2mb can't do, PLUS the ATI costs 330$US street price ....	0
No one is questioning whether Mr. King is black. The question arises whether King's race should make police officers "afraid as hell." Your statement seems to imply that cops should have a different standard for large black guys than for just large guys in general.   That two posts later you don't understand why anyone pointed out your use of the adjective is almost as informative as your original use.	3
My mac monitor displays about 20 vertical lines when I use it. It means that either my display memory goes wrong or monitor is bad or video card is bad.  I checked my monitor, it works fine with other Mac.  I checked my video card, it's also fine.  I replaced all the RAMs, it still didn't give me right answer.  Hence I assume something wrong with some part of my motherboard.   I don't know hardware architecture of the Macintosh.   Can anyone tell me what's the problem ????   It's a Mac IIcx.    ..	1
Ah, but why? Can some technically-hip Macslinger tell us what the difference is between PDS and Nubus?   Is it impossible to make a gadget that plugs into PDS and ends in a Nubus card cage? At least, Marvin's friend has not been able to locate one and neither have I. What is the fundamental reason for this?	1
Do you have Weitek's address/phone number? I'd like to get some information about this chip.	0
Yesterday I wrote a program to do bilinear interpolation ala Numerical Recipes, with the PBMPLUS libraries. I'm pretty happy with the results, but I'm looking for any already-coded non-linear interpolation schemes before I go ahead an try to write one. Any pointers?  -	0
OK. I stand corrected. I guess, then, that the comments about payoffs (i.e., "pork") to Puerto Ricans that others have been making still stands?  Now, everybody, how about some opinion on the following related topic:  Should the people who are natives of U.S. territories have representation in the U.S. House of Rep's or the U.S. Congress? The U.S. Constitution sets up the House of Representatives to represent each State in proportion to its population, and the Senate to represent each State equa..	3
I have an Adcom GFA-555 that I got in 1985. There certainly isn't anything magic about it. The components used are decent, but nothing uncommon with respect to consumer grade components.  The GFA-555 is a nice piece of equipment. I'm glad that Adcom had the guts to not over-do the packaging. It irks me when I see audiophile oriented equipment whose case and heat sinks probably cost much more and receive more attention than the electronics they are supposed to serve.  I don't see any big deal abo..	2
How can you lie about something that no one knows for sure. I am the first to state that the 10% figure may be too high- but it may just be too low, depending on what you are talking about.  Keep in mind that there are 'practicing' heterosexuals that are actually gay. These people chose to take a road that avoids being harassed and they wanted to 'fit-in' with everyone other 'normal' person.  But let's get off of this irrational behavior of calling everyone a liar, you cannot even start to suppo..	3
Some rendering programs require that all surface normals point in the same direction. (ie: On a closed cube, all normals point outwards). You can use the points on the faces to determine the direction of the normal, by making sure that all points are either in clockwise or counter-clockwise order.  How do you go about orienting all normals in the same direction, given a  set of points, edges and faces? Say that you had a cube with all faces that  have their normals facing outwards, except for on..	0
Tests suck! Post a real message! :^)	1
Huh? If I buy a 128M optical, I might lose my friends? Why - do they smell bad?  :-)    On a serious note, I have heard the tales about SyQuest failures. But I am curious about Jon's comments on cartridge wear for the the Bernoullis. Can someone elaborate? Is there a general consensus that the 128M opticals are the most reliable? I am mostly concerned about media failures, as opposed to drive mechanism failures.	1
Could someone direct me to information on SCSI performance for each Mac? (Max throughput, etc.)   Kurt Tiedtke ktiedtke@jarthur.claremont.edu	1
Which provided the basis for the denoument of the film which introduced Errol Flynn to the world. (Love interest was Olivia de Havilland, who went on to appear with Flynn in 7 more films.)  [Exercise for non-old-movie buffs: what film was this?] [Exercise for old movie buffs: what were the 7 more films?]	3
I've recently ordered a Centris 650 and need to decide on which modem to buy. I'm pretty sure I want to get a fax/data modem that can run at 14.4k, but is it worth it? I'll primarily only be 'conversing' over CompuServe or some other link to the Internet, but I'm not sure if those systems can supply ME with data at 14.4k. Another question I have is in some of the modem lingo out there. I understand baud rates, but what does V3.4 and V3.4bis mean? I could really use some suggestions as to what a ..	1
>It seems that conservatives are putting a lot of effort into  >showing up the 10% figure, but that really doesn't make a  >difference. Like I said, who cares how many there are? Would  >the fact that they're only 1% of the population justify  >discrimination against them? I don't think so.   Uh, well, Golly Gee Whiz. Let me see, when the new President, as his first big "policy act" tries to force homosexuals (acceptance thereof) on the military, despite polls showing a consistent 75%+ against i..	3
Hi, this is my first msg to the Net (actually the 3rd copy of it, dam*ed VI!!).   Look for the new VPIC6.0, it comes with updated VESA 1.2 drivers for almost every known card. The VESA level is 1.2, and my Tseng4000 24-bit has a nice affair with the driver.    Hope it is useful!!	0
: The PADS*.ZIP files contain subdirectories, and have to be unzipped : via "pkunzip -d". Then an xcopy /s to three floppies creates the disks : needed to do the install.  I'm still not sure how this is supposed to work, since the .ZIP files took up about 2.5Mb, so it must be a tight squeeze on those floppies...  However, I managed to install PADS and I'm pretty impressed. I created a couple of schematics without problem, but whenever I try to  create a PCB layout from one of *my* circuits (rath..	2
On Sat, 17 Apr 1993 20:42:58 GMT, Greg Hennessy observed: : #Tells you something about the fascist politics being practiced ....  : Ah, ending discrimination is now fascism.   Is that what they called it when Truman forced integration of the armed forces, despite the opposition of Congress and most of the American public at that time?  - Michael D. Adams (starowl@a2i.rahul.net) Enterprise, Alabama	3
There are two issues here: copyright and patent.  The magazine article's contents are copyrighted, and may not be reproduced, translated, etc., without the copyright holder's permission. However, this does not cover the *ideas* expressed, only the form of expression. Copying their circuit diagram or PC-board pattern is copyright infringement. But it's unlikely that they could stretch copyright far enough to claim that the circuit design itself is copyrighted. So long as you draw your own diagram..	2
Mixers have a wide variety of implementations; the Mini-Circuits part you mention is a doubly-balanced diode mixer, but active ones (BJT, FET) seem more popular in consumer receivers. You might call MCL; they have a nice catalog.  The universal answer for wide-coverage, theory+practice, RF design is the _ARRL Handbook_, published by the American Radio Relay League, the radio amateur organization. Any technical bookstore can order you one. The book is superb, with lots of accessible theory, const..	2
{Kris Gleason} said  "Re: what to do with old 2"  to <All> on 04-15-93 11:02  KG> Yeah... keychains. I have seen 64K simms with a silver   KG> keyring attached, big seller at the computer store. I'm  KG> sure you could find a bunch of geeks^H^H^H^H^H^H computer  KG> science majors around that would buy them for $10. Maybe  KG> $15, if you're lucky.   Untrue they would check JDR first and say 5. That's how much  they are worth AT MOST. My guess is they are worth 1 buck  a peice.   Stephen Cyberma..	2
The speed limit on commuter tracks in the northeast is 120MPH. We already have something that resembles high speed rail in this country and it requires massive government subsidies. We don't need another government boondoggle.	3
Hi there, Can anyone tell me where it is possible to purchase controls found on most arcade style games. Many projects I am working on would be greatly augmented if I could implement them. Thanx in advance.	2
I searched the U Mich archives fairly thoroughly for 3D graphics packages, I always thought it to be a mirror of sumex-aim.stanford.edu... I was wrong. I'll look into GrafSys... it does sound interesting!  Thanks Cheinan.	0
Mine was beautiful for a year and a half. Then it went <foomp>. I bought a ViewSonic 6FS instead. Another great monitor, IMHO.	0
: Currently, I use a shareware program called Graphics Workshop. : What kinds of things will Hijaak do that these shareware programs : will not do?  I also use Graphic Workshop and the only differences that I know of are that Hijaak has screen capture capabilities and acn convert to/from a couple of more file formats (don't know specifically which one). In the April 13 issue of PC Magazine they test the twelve best selling image capture/convert utilities, including Hijaak.	0
It's made by Rohm. (as is all BAxxx parts). Call 714-855-2131 and ask if  you can get a sample (it's only like a $2 part).	2
I want to connect a very small "home-made" speaker up to the headphone jack on my macintosh LC for an experiment. The dc resistance of the speaker is 1 ohm. Any ideas how I can do this safely? I think I need some kind of an impedance transformer or something.? -tony  wayne@uva386.school.virginia.edu	2
HI All, Can someone point me towards some articles on 'boids' or flocking algorithms... ?  Also, articles on particle animation formulas would be nice...  _  \_\| -   DeLuxe 1.25 #8086  Head of Co*& XV$# Hi This is a signature virus. Co	0
Excuse the sheer newbieness of this post, but I am looking for a decent PaintProgram which will save to various file formats (.BMP .PCX etc etc) via ftp, freeware, or shareware. I would like to check out the available programs for little $$ before I check out the commercial market.  Thanks in advance for any help or direction you can give me.	0
My Beckman died a few days ago, thanks do about a 4 or 5 foot drop onto a lab table. !@#!@$#!@$@#$ Probably not indicative of anything, but I've already filled out the requisition for a Fluke 87. :-)  Oh yeah, and sometimes our measurements here do count. Not often, but often enough that I want at least _one_ good meter!	2
Hmm... now where was that ad for the combination radio/hand cranked generator/flashlight/siren I saw? :-)  [function generator has a 50mV offset, and the amplitude's too high]   Sure, you've already got the right idea.  Ignoring the 50 ohm internal resistance of the generator for a second, just run it into, say, a voltage divider made of 990 ohms in series with 10 ohms. This new circuit is the Thevenin equivalent of one that puts out 1/100 of the original voltage, and has an output impedence of ..	2
ajteel@dendrite.cs.Colorado.EDU (A.J. Teel) writes...    Fine. If you think it's an expose of corruption and fraud,  please prevent a jury question. Don't just reassert your  opening statement.    No indication that was what happened until now. Editing down is  always possible.    It would be interesting to hear who the responding parties are.   FOR DISCUSSION PURPOSES ONLY:  Don't let the IRS see this, Mr. Teel.   And, as has been noted more times than we care to count, about as  likely to stan..	3
While I agree with much of this post, one point seems mis-directed...   And when controlled for usage of oil, gas, etc. energy efficiency in all countries turns out to be identical :-)  To take population density as an example, one way to reduce energy used in transportation is surely to concentrate the population in dense urban areas (though this might, of course, have other disadvantages, possibly even relating to energy use). The fact that Japan is forced to do this by the nature of the count..	3
AL>> Question: Is there a certain device out there that I can AL>> use to find out the number to the line? AL>> Thanks for any response. AL>> Al  AL>There is a number you can call which will return a synthesized AL>voice telling you the number of the line. Unfortunately, for the AL>life of me I can't remember what it is. The telephone technicians AL>use it all the time. We used to play around with this in our AL>dorm rooms since there were multiple phone lines running between AL>rooms.  It proba..	2
And we all hope, Teddy, that you will graduate from the first grade while Clinton is President. Keep trying.	3
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  ^^^	3
Does anyone know of any good shareware animation or paint software for an SGI  machine? I've exhausted everyplace on the net I can find and still don't hava  a nice piece of software.  Thanks alot!  Chad	0
... Wouldn't a crystal be affected by cold? My gut feeling is that, as a mechanically resonating device, extreme cold is likely to affect the compliance (?terminology?) of the quartz, and hence its resonant frequency.    JohnH  -   | _ |_ _ |_| _ _| _| Electronics Department  |_| (_) | | | | | | (_| (_| (_| \/ School of MPCE  -/- Macquarie University  Sydney, AUSTRALIA 2109   Email: johnh@mpce.mq.edu.au, Ph: +61 2 805 8959, Fax: +61 2 805 8983	2
I went back and looked at the review again. They claim there were significant differences in manipulating a 27 meg test file, but with smaller files, the two platforms were the about the same. David	0
I'm looking for brief information on new applications of electronics (or new electronics in applications.) If you know of any interesting new stuff, I would be intrested in hearing about it.	2
I used a bunch as weights, when building a model airplane. Hung them on the stringers, across the stringer, or whatever. Worked pretty well.	2
The subject says what I would like to do, here are the details:  I have a 512ke with the MacRescue upgrade board that makes it the equivalent of a Plus (System 7 and MacEnvy both identify it as such).  The MacRescue board clips onto the 68000 on the MB. It also has a 68000 itself. Periodically I have to remove the clip (not an entirely easy thing to do) and clean the "legs" of the 68000. Larry Pina's book asserts that this is occasionally a problem with snap on upgrades: the 68000's "legs" will ..	1
ieee.general  and  ieee.announce	2
Stone, DeRose: Geometric characterization of parametric cubic curves. ACM Trans. Graphics 8 (3) (1989) 147 - 163.   Manocha, Canny: Detecting cusps and inflection points in curves. Computer aided geometric design 9 (1992) 1-24.	0
Since I have seen various different numbers to dial to get your number read back to you by the phone company, could someonepost a list or point me to a book where I could get a list of all the different numbers for the U.S.? Failing that, could someone tell me Ohio's?	2
Yes, it was Nixon who was most vocal about giving money to Russia. It makes me proud to be a libertarian. It appears both conservatives and liberals prefer to cold war until you win, then nurse the enemy back to health for another go around.  It's like subsidizing the wealthy countries (Japan, Germany, etc.) with free defense, and then trade-warring with them because of the economic competition. It's like subsidizing tobacco farmers while paying bureaucrats to pursuade people not to smoke.  I as..	3
I don't think speed has been determined, since it has never run on Intel chips. But on the Amiga's Motorola Chips, it was one of the fastest true 'Ray Tracers'  I don't think Impulse would port it over and not take speed into consideration.  In terms of features, and learning curve... ALL that you stated for 3DS is also true for Imagine, and lots more... But I'll have to admit that after 3 years of use on the Amiga, the learning curve is very steep. This is due ONLY to the manual. It is realy BA..	0
And the religious right worships engines, smokestacks, landfills, and hates people.  What does this name-calling have to do with anything you are claiming about the truth of environmental disaster? Nothing that I have read in this thread, nor heard from anyone I have talked to, would suggest to me that  people fit the definition you give of the religious left. Come off it, Phil. A prime motivation for protecting our environment is so that we,  people, can continue to live in it healthily. We jus..	3
I'm interested in find out what is involved in processing pairs of  stereo photographs. I have black-and-white photos and would like  to obtain surface contours.  I'd prefer to do the processing on an SGI, but would be interested in hearing what software/hardware is used for this type of image processing.  Please email and/or post to comp.sys.sgi.graphics your responses.  Thanks,	0
That's fine, but would you name the "industy experts" so I can try to track this down?   Yup. That's why I'm kinda curious... most SCSI problems I've encountered are due to cabling.  noah	1
Since electrical wiring questions do turn up from time to time on sci.electronics (and the answers aren't always apparent, even to those skilled in electronics), I am hijacking the following FAQ and posting a copy here.  I've asked the writers to cross-post to sci.electronics in the future.    - jeh@cmkrnl.com   X-NEWS: cmkrnl news.answers: 6685 Newsgroups: misc.consumers.house,rec.woodworking,news.answers,misc.answers,rec.answers Subject: Electrical Wiring FAQ Message-ID: <wirefaq_733900891@eci..	2
Some VESA bios's support this mode (0x100). And *any* VGA should be able to support this (640x480 by 256 colors) since it only requires 256,000 bytes. My 8514/a VESA TSR supports this; it's the only VESA mode by card can support due to 8514/a restrictions. (A WD/Paradise)	0
I got the univesa driver available over the net. I thought that finally my 1-meg oak board would be able to show 680x1024 256 colors. Unfortunately a program still says that I can't do this. Is it the fault of the program (fractint) or is there something wrong with my card.  univesa- a free driver available over the net that makes many boards vesa compatible.	0
Hello,    Let me introduce a problem:   When I measure a sinusoidal wave (voltage) with a digital voltmeter, using  AC mode, my output is an rms value (a peak value over 2 squared). / Right? /   When I measure a square wave in the same mode (AC), my output is equal  to a peak value, actually, to the upper flat boundary of the wave.  I assumed, that a digital voltmeter makes some kind of integration of the  input value, and divides it over the wave period. / Right?/  Now, I used it to measure the..	2
Do you know if there is an airport nearby? They may just be markers to tell pilots of small planes that there are power lines nearby.	2
wing the suggestion of Stu Lynne, I have posted the Image File Format executable and source code to alt.sources.	0
..    Hmmm... Sounds vaguely similar to a problem I had a long time ago when I was  trying to use Kermit. I was building a serial connection between my Duo 210  and my NeXT. I think the problem was in the handshaking. Basically, you need  to make sure that the handshaking protocol is the same on both sides. A safe  place to start is by selecting NO handshaking on either end. One problem is  that the Zilog serial chip seems to get permanently wedged if you talk to it  wrong, and only a reset will..	1
Hello,  I am looking to add voice input capability to a user interface I am developing on an HP730 (UNIX) workstation. I would greatly appreciate  information anyone would care to offer about voice input systems that are  easily accessible from the UNIX environment.    The names or adresses of applicable vendors, as well as any  experiences you have had with specific systems, would be very helpful.   Please respond via email; I will post a summary if there is  sufficient interest.   Thanks, Ken ..	0
Speaking of Psygnosis, they have licensed games to Philips Interative Media International for CD-I.  The following was recently posted in a message in the CD-I section of the Multimedia Forum.  "Seventh Guest has been licensed by Virgin Games to Philips Interactive Media International for worldwide CD-I rights. Were also licensed to P.I.M.I. Litil Divil from Gremlin Graphics (UK) and Microcosm from Psygnosis (UK). Those three titles will be adapted on CD-I using the full potential of the FMV car..	0
Not true. I am required to have insurance by law. the method of collection effectively makes it a tax.    Well here we have the right hoping for more selfish bastards. Pity they don't look at what 12 years of the Regan/Bush "selfish Bastard" ecconomy has done to the country.  Elect a selfish bastard government and they will run the country for themselves, thats why they are selfish bastards. Bush and Regan gave tax breaks for the ultra rich and paid for them by borrowing against the incomes of t..	3
Apple just released the Quicktime volume of the new Inside Macintosh series. Any bookstore with reasonable technical stock should have it.	0
If you get the Centris 650 with CD configuration, you are getting a Mac with a 68RC040 processor that has built-in math coprocessor support. My  understanding is that the "optional fpu" refers to your option of purchasing the Centris 650 4/80 without FPU OR one of the other configurations WITH FPU.  Apple does not offer an upgrade from the non-FPU system to become an FPU system. And, it is unclear whether the '040 processor on the non-FPU system (a 68LC040) can be replaced with a 68RC040 supplie..	1
: Can anyone tell me where to find a MPEG viewer (either DOS or : Windows).  : Thanks in advance.  : -  : Alan M. Jackson Mail : ajackson@cch.cov.ac.uk  : Liverpool Football Club - Simply The Best : "You'll Never Walk Alone"  You can find a Windows MPEG viewer at wuarchive.wustl.edu in the mirrors/msdos/windows3 directory.  -	0
Now, that indeed is possible. A good friend of mine is running about 1 KW PeP from his car. Yes, he does have a second alternator. Yes, he calls the rig an "electronic brake" since the engine noticeably slows when the key is down.  My car, unfortunately, has so much computer junk under the hood that it's astonishingly sensitive to RFI. If I key a 2W HT over the engine with the hood open, the car loses timing due to the RF leaking into the  distributor pickup. Very poor design.  I will, however, ..	2
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary _ For Immediate Release April 15, 1993    PRESS BRIEFING  BY DEE DEE MYERS      The Briefing Room   9:45 A.M. EDT         Q  Why was the 10:00 a.m. postponed?         MS. MYERS: Just due to scheduling conflicts. So as we  put out, the President will meet with the leaders of the national  police organizations at 2:00 p.m. in the Rose Garden, as opposed to  10:00 a.m. The only other things on his schedule today are: At  11:00 a.m. he'll meet with Gen..	3
Gee, the War on Drugs has been going on for all these years and they're still getting drugs! Imagine that...  My friends who like grass (I don;t agree but it's pretty harmless) are unable to get it, yet I know a number of places where someone stupid enough could get crack cocaine within a half hour of leaving my office.  The War on Drugs has been completely unsuccessful, yet it's lead to really horrible abuses of peoples' COnstitutional rights. I don't see how a thinking person could justify it.	3
The most ridiculous example of VR-exploitation I've seen so far is the "Virtual Reality Clothing Company" which recently opened up in Vancouver. As far as I can tell it's just another "chic" clothes spot. Although it would be interesting if they were selling "virtual clothing"....  E-mail me if you want me to dig up their phone # and you can probably get some promotional lit.	0
stuff deleted stuff deleted  The problem mentioned last is a known Quadra SCSI problem, it was heavily discussed last year and an Apple employee pointed out that there was a one byte error in the SCSI driver routine for the Quadra's (at least the 700 and 900). System 7.1 should not have that problem, for most people the  solution was to get an updated driver from the drive manufactor. In my case MASS Microsystems wrote a new driver which fixed the problem on my Quadra 700, all that occured early..	1
I have a few reprints left of chapters from my book "Visions of the  Future". These include reprints of 3 chapters probably of interest to  readers of this forum, including:    1. Current Techniques and Development of Computer Art, by Franz Szabo    2. Forging a Career as a Sculptor from a Career as Computer Programmer,  by Stewart Dickson    3. Fractals and Genetics in the Future by H. Joel Jeffrey    I'd be happy to send out free reprints to researchers for scholarly  purposes, until the repri..	0
Greetings!!   I'm planning to upgrade my Mac IIsi:    (1) from the present 5Megs to 17Megs;  and (2) add a Math-Coprocessor.   Technology Works, of Austin (Texas) comes quite highly recommended by  some Mac magazines. I was just wonderring if anyone could share with me  anything about Tech Works (both good and bad experiences); or give any advice about other mail-order companies that I may consider.   Your reply would be very much appreciated. Thanks in advance.	1
Just posting to John Cormack. I wanted to tell you that there is a "slight" difference between  Speedstar 24 and Speedstar 24X	0
Here is one by Andrew "Graphics Gems" Glassner that I got from a collegue of mine. I think I fiddled with it a little bit to make it deal with whatever bizarre problem I was working on at the time but it is known to work.         spl     - - - - /* spheres  ASG 9 Feb 85  spl Thu Mar 8 17:17:40 EST 1990 */ #include <stdio.h> #include <math.h>  #define PI 3.141592654  struct Point_struct {  double x, y, z; };  static double radius; static double xorg; static double yorg; static double zorg;  do_sp..	0
IF YOU KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT THE CAERE TYPIST PLUS GRAPHICS  HAND SCANNER, PLEASE READ ON AND SAVE MY LIFE.........  My problem is that my Caere Typist Plus Graphics Hand Scanner will not connect to my PowerBook 160.  The cable from the scanner will not fit the SCSI port of the computer.   I managed to gaet a cabled assembled that adapted the cord to the computer. However, this placed the computer into SCSI mode, that is it acted as an external hard disk whenever i switched the computer on.  I've ..	1
>Hi... what alternatives to the Express modem do Duo owners have (if  >they want to go at least 9600 baud)?   >Every place in town says they are back ordered, and part of the reason  >I want a laptop mac is so I can use it as a remote terminal from  >wherever I am, but I really would hate to have to wait 2 months to get  >a modem in or have to settle with 2400 baud.  If Apple didn't put out such a good product - I'd gladly take my business to - to - the 8-bit Ataris. I think the situation with t..	1
I just installed a Motorola XC68882RC50 FPU in an Amiga A2630 board (25 MHz 68030 + 68882 with capability to clock the FPU separately). Previously a MC68882RC25 was installed and everything was working perfectly. Now the systems displays a yellow screen (indicating a exception) when it check for the presence/type of FPU. When I reinstall an MC68882RC25 the system works fine, but with the XC68882 even at 25 MHz it does not work. The designer of the board mentioned that putting a pullup resistor o..	2
I don't know how to say it best but you are gaurenteed that the price of the C650 is going to drop this year. This week's MacWeek reports that Apple is probably planning a drop in August. My guess is that it may come sooner if Apple decides to change the price structure upon release of the multimedia units this summer.  Your price looks pretty good at about $50 more then I payed for mine last month. I would have rather waited for one of the new machines this sommer (like the Cyclone) but the res..	1
Since your MOSFET is a 1972 vintage, it's probably not a very good one by  today's standards. If you have an idea about its voltage and current  ratings, e.g. 60VDC @ 6A, you can probably get away with replacing it with  anything with better specs. Early MOSFETS had a gate-source voltage rating  of approximately +/- 20 VDCmax, and they would usually turn completely "ON"  at +10VDC. Otherwise, MOSFETS are not really mysterious - they're more or  less voltage controlled current sources. If the MOS..	2
I'm not up on the details of US patent law, but I think this is incorrect. There is a "reasonable use" exemption for *copyright*. There is none for *patents*. The exemptions from patent licensing are quite narrow; R&D work is exempt but personal use is not. That is, it's okay to experiment with a patented idea, but not to put it to practical use (e.g. to improve your stereo), even if it's only your own private practical use.  Of course, it is unlikely that discreet personal use will ever be dete..	2
True (especially for electrolytic capacitors at high temperature).     Low power quartz oscillators are usually 32 kHz (and THESE have significant temperature drifts, which one doesn't often notice while wearing the watch on one's wrist). Low temperature sensitivity is available in other crystal types, which unfortunately are larger and higher frequency (1 MHz or so) and take more battery power.    Programmable timers might be less accurate, but they are more power-stingy than suitable crystal o..	2
This is why I asked to be 'enlightened'. You are making claims about what 'is' or 'is not' part of this program. But if the "block grants" go to states and cities, the mayors list is VERY relivent.    Okay scarasm does deserve sacrasm, but I already contact my local officals, my congress rep., senators, Watch evening news, news programs, and C-SPAN.     The fact is that Primetime (TM of ABC) has had numberous reposts on such waste programs that already exist. Again, if we are truely intrested in..	3
In regard to Woody's post, I thought I would remind him of something in the midst of his tirade against academia: As a member of the generation likely to pay for the crap Reagan and his cronies started with the deficit according to the brilliant Laffer curve (NOT!) I think we need to look with open minds upon any ideas which will allow us to directly address the problems of the gigantic federal deficit and debt and continue to allow our economy to expand-and I don't remember Woody and co. compla..	3
Yes some radar detectors are less detectable by radar detector detectors. ;-)	2
Do you get a dial tone when you plug a phone into the jack?? If not, then the line is possibly disconnected from the nearest telco junction box. If you do get a dial tone, then surely the telco is sending a bill for the line to *someplace* or *somebody*. Are you sure that what you are doing is on the level. Sounds to me like you are just trying to get  at somebody's unlisted number. Fess up.  Keith	2
Have you considered the Apple Laserwriter IIg. We use it for all our B&W image printing.	0
Who wants to look through the bars at some reactionary Liberal conspiracy- theory idiots and see how they rant and rave at the erosion of their populist  support? This is very typical of the elitist Liberal attitude that The People  are incapable of thinking for themselves. This elitist attitude will be the eventual undoing of the arrogant liberal tide sweeping America, as The People begin to realize more and more that they are being treated like errant children and robbed of their freedoms by a..	3
[deletions]   Sounds like it is an SMD interface to me, not being at work now to actually count pins. there are two varients, SMD and SMDC (I think), only minor differences between them. Widely used prior to the advent of SCSI for large drives (or all drives) on minis (and mainframes(?) no experience on those).	2
I'm sorry about your friend. Really. But this anecdote does nothing to justify the "war on drugs". If anything, it demonstrates that the "war" is a miserable failure. What it demonstrates is that people will take drugs if they want to, legal or not. Perhaps if your friend were taking legal, regulated drugs under a doctors supervision he might not be in the position he's in now.  - ...Dale Cook "Any town having more churches than bars has a serious  social problem." -Edward Abbey The opinions are..	3
We used to buy Beckman 110 and HD110 ("ruggedized") versions for use by electricians in the steel mill where I work. After a while we got round to filling all the current-input jacks with silicone - electricians have a regrettable habit of not checking where the last guy left the leads before using a 3 1/2 digit 0.5 % autoranging $400 meter to check if a fuse is good or not. Its very hard on meters (and electricians) when you put the milliamp shunt across a 600 volt bus.   But that's not why we ..	2
OK Phil, you're right. So far the "evidence" suggests that Nixon was a victim of overzealous underlings and Kennedy was a womanizing disgust-o-blob with a dash of megalomania. After crushing the CIA and FBI who's to say Kennedy  wouldn't have created his own version of American Friendly Fascism?  Unfortunately however, we don't have all the evidence. So far this nation's citizens have been privy to about 12 hours of the total 4,000 hours of Nixon's tapes. What's on the rest of those babies? Some..	3
: A quick and dirty way to get higher current carrying capacity : on PC board traces for one- or few-of-a-kind boards is to : strip some #14 Romex house wiring cable to bare copper, form : the bare copper to follow the trace, and solder it down.  And if it's not quick and dirty, you can get bus bars that are stamped out with leads that insert in the PC board.	2
The HC711 is an EPROM version of the HC11. Raw HC11 parts have factory set ROM images, and as such are useless to the hobbyist. HC811 parts have EEPROM, allowing for electrical erasure and reprogramming.  Some Motorola parts (such as the HC705K1) have EPROM, making them user programmable, but come with options of either windowed or sealed. The more expensive windowed packages allow multiple use, the plastic dip varieties are one-time programmable, since there is no way of exposing the EPROM arra..	2
#That describes some straights - and nearly all homosexual males.  Can you provide any evidence that doesn't ahve massive selection effects?  No, I thought not.  Just slander on your part.	3
tes:  First, the only drug that could possibly be put in drug stations are marijuana  or its derivitives. Every other drug that I can think of can kill you if you  take to much. (By the very nature of these drugs, your decision making skills  aren't up to par. That is how it differs from asprin, flinstone vitamins, etc. We don't even allow penicilin to be sold over the counter.)  Second, we already have a big enough drunk driving and alchoholic problem in  this country. If marijuana were legal, ..	3
Interestingly enough, the CDROM 300i that came with my Quadra 800 has  only 8 disks:  1. System Install 2. Kodak Photo CD sampler 3. Alice to Ocean 4. CDROM Titles 5. Application Demos 6. Mozart: Dissonant Quartet 7. Nautilus 8. Apple Chronicles  Has anyone else noticed that they got less than everyone seems to be getting with the external? What I really feel I missed out on is what is supposed to a fantastic Games demo disk.  I have heard that people have gotten up to 9-10 disks with their driv..	1
From: payne@crl.dec.com (Andrew Payne) Message-ID: <1993Apr20.004418.11548@crl.dec.com> Organization: DEC Cambridge Research Lab Date: Tue, 20 Apr 1993 00:44:18 GMT   Does anyone know if a source for the TCM3105 modem chips (as used in the Baycom and my PMP modems)? Ideally, something that is geared toward  hobbyists: small quantity, mail order, etc.  For years, we've been buying them from a distributor (Marshall) by the hundreds for PMP kits. But orders have dropped to the point where we can no..	2
I bought a Bernoulli 90pro drive last year after comparing it with lots of  diffrent storage solutions, OPTICAL drives are SLOW, very slow compared to 13 to 19ms access of Bernoulli.  Since I needed additinol online storage (rather than just a backup or archiev e disk), I choosed Bernoulli drive. I use Adobe Preimere and Quicktime movies alot. you ran out of storage real fast.  IMHO, the best buy currently is the Bernoulli 150Multidisk. 150MB per cartridge	1
Hi,   I'm looking for an algorithm that would generate a good cross-section of RGB colours given a limited colour map size.   The problem: I'm writing an application for the PC that may have at most 256 colors. I want to use one colormap (palette) for the application but I'd like it to contain an even spread of colours of the visible spectrum. I could use  a 6x6x6 RGB cube but the problem is that a lot of those colours are almost identical to the human eye.	0
I am looking for some information about 3D animation stations that are currently on the market. The price of the station can be from 5K-20K,  but no more than $20,000.00. Type of workstation doesnt matter (PC, MAC,  SGI etc..) . If you use or have bought/looked at one or can suggest your dream machine, then please mail me your configurations. I need the following.   1. Type of station (PC, MAC etc.. )  2. Expandibilty of the machine.  3. Software that can run on it  4. VTR Controller and/or VTR ..	0
[...]   Not that I think anyone cares, but this pattern (using other examples of course) was discussed 2,000 years ago by Aristotle in _Nicomachean_Ethics_. Note that you can't use this insight to reason backwards; e.g.: Since the conservatives see the media as liberal and the liberals see the media as conservative, the media are fair! (though I've seen this "reasoning" implied)    Ken	3
I was just wondering one thing, actually two. ( I hope that this is the proper place to post this subject)   Why does a lead acid battery discharge and become dead (totally unuseable) when stored on a concrete floor?   I decided to bring the battery in from the lawn mower and the motorcycle from the unheated garage this year, *to preserve them* and I just went to use them and noticed that not only do they not work, but  they act like the two terminals are shorted. I asked a friend and he said th..	2
I downloaded an image of the earth re-constructed from elevation data taken at 1/2 degree increments. The author (not me) wrote some c-code (included) that read in the data file and generated b&w and pseudo color images. They work very well and are not incumbered by copyright. They are at an aminet site near you called earth.lha in the amiga/pix/misc area...  I refer you to the included docs for the details on how the author (sorry, I forget his name) created these images. The raw data is not in..	0
Hi,  Right now I should do some characterization of opamps. Because I don't  have special equipment for this task, I have to do this job with relativly  simple equipments (Frequency sweeper, DSO, etc.).  Does anyone know good test circuitry for characterization of opamps?  Especially for measuring open-loop gain, phase margin, PSSR, CMMR and so  on. Are there any books or application notes on this subject available?  Please reply vi e-mail or nn.  Thanks Mark	2
I saw this subject and all I could think of was a parade at Wrigley Field in Chicago.  Or maybe it's just me.   :)   -  Marc Cooper - Graphics Programmer - Sverdrup Tech.| "As a child, I WAS an  fsmarc@lerc.nasa.gov | imaginary playmate." NASA Lewis Research Center MS 5-11 |  21000 Brookpark Dr. | Tom Robbins Cleveland, OH 44135 (216) 433-8898 | Even Cowgirls Get the Blues	0
Does anyone know how to reach Micron? I am interested in getting some specifics about what types of monitors work with their Micron Xceed card for the se/30. either e-mail or phone number would be prefered. Or if you have the answers to my questions, i'd appreciate a reply.  Thanks.    -  - julia hsieh My opinions are not intended to reflect hsieh@ipld01.hac.com those of Hughes Aircraft Company.	1
Are there any graphics cards for the SE/30 that also have, say, an 040 accelerator? There seem to be plenty of accelerator/graphics cards for the _SE_, but none (that I've seen) for the SE/30.  Thanks	1
Hi, netters  I am looking for source code that can reads the ascii file or bitmap file and produced the thinned image. For example, to preprocess the character image I want to apply thinning algorithm.	0
Australian Pattern Recognition Society   2nd CALL FOR PAPERS   DICTA-93   2nd Conference on -   DIGITAL IMAGING COMPUTING: TECHNIQUES AND APPLICATIONS   Location: Macquarie Theatre  Macquarie University  Sydney  Date: 8-10 December 1993.    DICTA-93 is the second biennial national conference of the Australian Pattern Recognition Society.   This event will provide an opportunity for any persons with an interest in computer vision, digital image processing/analysis and other aspects of pattern rec..	0
I was chaining around in the anonymous ftp world looking for 3D Studio meshes and other interesting graphical stuff for the program, and found a few files with the extension 3D2. My 3DS v2.01 doesn't know this type of file, so what are they?  And of course, the perennial... Where are some meshes, fli files, etc. out there? I would have thought that someone would have collected a few and put them somewhere, but alas I am without this knowledge.  mucho appreciato	0
On a related topic, I have been searching (with no success) for a specification of the Enhanced Metafile format. I have the original WMF format (Graphics File Formats, Levine et al), but no info on the 32 bit version.  Any pointers ?	0
Are you sure that he needs a two way converter? If he wants only RS232->TTL I would suggest the MC1489, its very cheap (0.80 DM in Germany). This chip needs only +5V. The MC1488 TTL->RS232-Converter uses +12V and -12V.  BTW... The MAX232 and compatibles seem to be expensive in the USA... I paid 2.95 DM for a ITS80272 (made by Harris), its absolutely compatible with the MAX232 or the ICL232.  Gerrit	2
I thought NEC and Toshiba CD-ROM mechanism have an average  access time of less than 200 ms. While the SONY-APPLE CD-ROM  drive has an access time of 300 ms for the doublespin models.	1
Permit me to quote fragments of  praetzel@sunee.uwaterloo.ca's article out of context.  -Newsgroups: sci.electronics,comp.lsi.cad -From: praetzel@sunee.uwaterloo.ca (Eric Praetzel) -Date: 10 Feb 93 15:46:41 GMT  - Currently the XNF format is propierty and I know of at least on person at -a university who was able to get it after signing a non-disclosure agreement. -The Xilinx-bit map format is pretty well top secret. I would love to know it -because then you could make self_modifying_hardware ;-..	2
[Please, note the Newsgroups.]  Recent discussion about XV's problems were held in some newsgroup. Here is some text users of XV might find interesting. I have added more to text to this collection article, so read on, even you so my articles a while ago.  I hope author of XV corrects those problems as best he can, so fine program XV is that it is worth of improving. (I have also minor ideas for 24bit XV, e-mail me for them.)  Any misundertanding of mine is understandable.   Juhana Kouhia   =cli..	0
The Casio 7500 lectric diary has a 3-wire serial interface with param setting like RS232, for which one get a magic but expensive cable to connect to a PC. Does anyone know the spec of this interface, e.g., it needs inverting and boosting from CMOS signals to match RS232 lines?	2
Since our doctors are private and the "system" is just an insurance plan, litigation would not involve the insurance fund. Our lawyers do not work on contingency, so that if you were to sue for malpractice then you'd better be sure of winning to cover your fees ... likewise, if you were a doctor and subject of a suit, it's time to sweat.   A few weeks ago, the president of the Canadian MA wrote a letter to the NYT to decry a lobbyist's advert repeating the same old trash. This is significant bec..	3
Sure I'll give you 10 bucks for all of them	2
#> Ah, I know women who wear miniskirts without wearing underwear, and #> they are not prostitutes. #No, I suppose they must be sluts.  Nope. They both are very nice women, whom I'm good friends with.   Or do you think its ok to rape anyone when you don't like the way they dress?  #> Gee, Both Clayton and Kaldis engaging in ad hominem arguments. #Where?  Calling someone names, as you did. Are you ignorant of what an ad hominem argument is?  #You provided absolutely no evidence, chump.  I provide..	3
Your comment here is meant as a put down. It fails for several reasons :  1) You have edited out the context of the action under discussion.  2) I never brought the legal definition up. I use the English language and not the legal dialect. The legal definition of fraud changes from one country to another in any case. The context of the discussion is morality of censorship.     You are extrapolating from the statement I made concerning a circumstance in which such an act of censorship would be pe..	3
ith ork?      Sure thing - You'll have to get an FDHD upgrade kit from Apple, which includes a HD floppy drive, 2 different chips (the SWIM chip was mentioned in another post) and a different floppy drive cable. Get the Apple kit through your dealer.	1
My wife has one of these. I have not had much chance to fiddle with it, but in comparison to our Laserwriters with Canon engines, she complains that the print is too light for her taste. The difference is quite apparent even when the print setting on the Select 310 is adjusted to the darkest possible level. I don't find it objectionable, and indeed rather like it, but be warned that some people don't care for it and it is considerably different.	1
I'm looking for a database called "Micro World Data Bank II", a database with digital map information containing 178,068 latitude, longitude points. It is said to be in the public domain. If anyone knows a place where I can get it (preferably FTP/gopher/mailserver etc.; otherwise snail mail) please let me know. I you have it yourself and are willing to send me the file, drop me a line.  I'll be using it with a program called VERSAMAP by Charles H. Culberson. If anyone knows of another detailed d..	0
Yeesh, you WILL be nailing those IRLEDs. May I suggest getting your mitts on the Siemens SFH484-2 IRLED? This unit is designed to take some big current pulses if you can get your duty cycle down a bit. It will output nearly a watt (975 mW) with REAL short duty cycle times.  (nice thing about the SFH484-2 is that it is CHEAP. I got mine for about 50 cents a piece, even though I had to buy 100 of them....)   BTW, I have seen IRLEDs with outputs up to 6 watts...honest, 6 WATTS. I don't have the boo..	2
> Well, the two nifty letters giving concrete proof that the  >Income Tax is voluntary and giving specific procedures for stopping  >withholding, et cetera have been out there for a while now.  > There has been no refutation to date. Have the nay-sayers  >finally given up as defeated? Sure would like to hear there reasons  >for disbelief at this point.   Probably because you have yet to respond to the refutation I've posted.  Teel, it's bad enough you post this bs, it's even worse that you don't..	3
I'm a system and network admin. One of my users has a Duo 230 ([*]specifications below) that has been having slowdown problems. Leaving the Duo on for several hours causes it to slow down unacceptably. It can take 10-15 seconds to change applications. During this time it is completely hung. If he reboots, the problem goes away (For a while). It seems the system is getting itself into a wedged configuration.  He's re-installed System 7.1 and rebuilt the desktop. Neither of these have helped.   It..	1
Yes, I know it's nowhere near Christmas time, but I'm gonna loose Net access in a few days (maybe a week or 2 if I'm lucky), and wanted to post this for interested people to save 'till Xmas. :-( Note: Bell Labs is a good place IF you have a PhD and a good boss, I have neither. -  Subject: Xmas light set with 2 levels of brightness  Another version of a variable brightness Xmas light set: This set starts with a 2 blinker 35 bulb string.   DIAGRAM: orginal 2 way set  120v-+-b-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-!  !-b-..	2
Does anybody know what Delaunay Triangulation is? Is there any reference to it?  Is it useful for creating 3-D objects? If yes, what's the advantage?  Thanks in advance.	0
The IIvx...LCIII performance at a Centris 610 price. The only reason to get an IIvx is if you really need the full-size Nubus slots. Keep  in mind that the 610 supports all Apple monitors and has optional Ethernet. This lessens (but doesn't eliminate) the need for Nubus cards. And unless you're running FPU-intensive software, the 610 will blow the doors off the LCIII and the IIvx. The LCIII, on the other hand, is sufficient for most people and has a great price.  If you haven't guessed, I find h..	1
Yes, I did punch in the wrong numbers (working too many late nites). I intended on stating 640x400 is 256,000 bytes. It's not in the bios, just my VESA TSR.	0
When you force people to associate with others against their will, yes.	3
I've also found that the electronic starters on these "instant-on"  compact fluourescent lamp fixtures kick out interference that nukes my cordless phone. (I can hear it in my guitar amplifier, too...)	2
'Illumination and Color in Computer Generated Imagery' by Roy Hall contains c source for several famous illumination models, including Bouknight, Phong, Blinn, Whitted, and Hall illumination models. If you want an introduction to shading you might look through the book 'Writing a Raytracer' edited by Glassner. Also, the book 'Procedural elements for Computer Graphics' by Rogers is a good reference. Source for code in these book are available on the net i  believe, you might check out nic.funet.f..	0
A book that I can somewhat recommend is :    Pratical Image Processing in C  by Craig A. Lindley  published by Wiley	0
Unfortunately, you're wrong on both counts. The most common method of implementing a tunable receiver is to have a local oscillator. The local oscillator's frequency can be radiated out of the receiver via the antenna unless the circuit is designed and constructed with great care.  For a reference on detecting radios, get the paperback book _Spy Catcher_. The author discovered how to detect radio receivers from their local oscillator emissions back in the *1950s* while he worked for British Inte..	2
They require two separate grounds. One ground goes to the ground pin of the outlet, and the other ground wire is connected to the outlet's mounting tabs (and thus grounds the box and faceplate screw and metal faceplate, if any).  The box/faceplate ground goes to the normal distribution panel ground. The outlet ground-pin wire is generally connected to an insulated busbar in the distribution panel which is, in turn, connected to the building-entrance main ground by its own wire.	2
Hello  HELP!!! please   I am a student of turbo c++ and graphics programming  and I am having some problems finding algorithms and code  to teach me how to do some stuff..   1) Where is there a book or code that will teach me how  to read and write pcx,dbf,and gif files?   2) How do I access the extra ram on my paradise video board  so I can do paging in the higher vga modes ie: 320x200x256  800x600x256  3) anybody got a line on a good book to help answer these question?  Thanks very much !  sen..	0
We're looking at a series of chips by WSI, the PSD3xx series. They have _mega_ address decoding logic on them, various ROM sizes (upto 1Mbit), various RAM sizes (upto 16 K), and 19 I/O ports which can be chip select lines, I/O or the buffered address lines.  Cute chip, 44 pin PLCC package.  Second sourcing may be a problem though :-(	2
I saw once an article about a new line of Macs configured to  work more optimally as file servers.   Anyone know any more details?	1
Guess the subject says it all.  I would like references to any introductory material on Image  Databases.  Please send any pointers to mini@point.cs.uwm.edu   Thanx in advance!	0
: > Does anyone have any other suggestions where the 42 came from?  Yep, here's a theory that I once heard bandied around. Rather than thinking of the number think of the sound. For Tea Two. A sort of anagram on Tea For Two, Two for Tea, For Tea Two.  :-)  Peter	0
#  Actually, I was rather surprised to see an article on this subject # (i.e. the "new, inproved" survey saying that roughly 1% of men are gay) # on the front page of The New York _Times_ recently (I think it was # on Thurs, 15 April). The headline was something to the effect of  # "New Survey Finds 1% of Men Are Gay" #  #  I was shocked, not because the New York _Times_ was running a story # on a sex survey (although that was part of it), but because they thought # that this news was actually i..	3
For a commerical package try WAVE from Precision Visuals  505-530-6563   For a free package try KHOROS from University of New Mexico  508-277-6563  ftp from  ptrg.eece.unm.edu   Login in anonyomus or ftp with a valid email address as the password  cd /pub/khoros/release   That will get you to the right place.	0
Apple has really confused people with this whole thing. I think we'll be answering this question for about the next year or so. There is no "option" to get an FPU on a C650. What you have is a choice of CPUs: there is the 68LC040 that does not have an integrated FPU like the full '040 and is only present in the base 4/80 model of the C650 (AppleUSA). And there is the full '040 which you get when you order anything other than the base 4/80 configuration. Therefore, since you have ordered one of t..	1
May we interpret this as an offer to volunteer as editor for a "Copy protection FAQ" ? I am quite sure that I am not alone welcoming such an initiative! *I* will volunteer to ask some of the questions, if you will provide the answers :-)	2
Gosh, I wish people would read the postings that they are 'following up' to.   The original poster (W G Wright) posted an item saying that he had bought a new wizz-bang Laser Printer from Apple (a Select 300 I think) which can print GrayScale. He then said that he CANNOT PRINT GRAYSCALE from his SE computer (and also that all the 'experts' he has dealt with agree that it is not possible).  This is the one major bugbear about doing a 3rd party SE upgrade (compared to Apple's SE to SE/30 upgrade):..	1
Hi all, I am looking into methods I can use to turn my Linux based BBS into a full color Graphical BBS that supports PC, Mac, Linux, and Amiga callers.  Originally I was inspired by the NAPLPS graphics standard (a summary of  which hit this group about 2 weeks ago).  Following up on software availability of NAPLPS supporting software I find that most terminal programs are commercial the only resonable shareware one being PP3 which runs soley on MSDOS machines leaving Mac and Amiga users to buy f..	0
Could anyone direct me to the FTP site where I can find the DOS-based morphing package called DMORF12.ZIP? I had downloaded this file last week, but the new DOS 6 crashed my hard drive and I lost it. Now I can't find the site where I got it from.......  Also, are there any other morphing packages out for DOS (freeware or shareware)   Thanks in advance, Barry  /-\ \_/ -	0
I currently use an HP DeskJet with Grappler LS ver 1.0,  and it works on System7. Course, I only use the SWA Dutch and SWA Swiss fonts that came with it, due to the 4x size requirement to print to the HP. (ie: must have 40pnt definition to print a 10pnt font) When I upgraded, I talked to Orange Micro, and they state that ver 1.2 of Grappler LS definitely works with System7. However, the upgrade was US$40, so I passed.  Hope this helps?  <marc>  -	1
Go easy on him drieux. It is the right of every American to know nothing about anything.     - "Who said anything about panicking?" snapped Authur. Garrett Johnson "This is still just culture shock. You wait till I've Garrett@Ingres.com settled into the situation and found my bearings. THEN I'll start panicking!" - Douglas Adams	3
Peter, I'm sure someone out there has a better/easier way to do what you want to do, but I'll tell you how we do it where I work. We have about 15 Macs networked together using Appletalk and PhoneNet connectors. To chat we use a program called 'Broadcast'. With it we can send brief messages to all or selected machines within the network.  Hope that helps...	1
# ## #I remain pro-choice, but when pro-choicers compare abortion in a # ## #clinic to a religious ritual in a church, you have to start wondering # ## #a bit if the pro-life criticism of abortion as modern human sacrifice # ## #doesn't have a grain of truth to it. #  # ##  # ## Ah, Clayton, so I see that you have found someone new to bash. Tell # ## me, how many pro-choicers have compared abortion in a clinic to a # ## religious ritual in a church? I'll bet that you've seen "overwhelming # ## s..	3
When using Photoshop is there anyway to get an elliptical dot for the halftone screen rather than a round dot ? My printer would prefer an elliptical dot, but I'm not sure how to set it up. I'm sending from a Mac IIci to a Linotronic L300 imagesetter and I am using Photoshop 2.0.1 to make my separations.  Any help would be greatly appreshed. T.I.A.   Michael (Unscene)    Michael Maier, Computer Artist, ANL | [|]-*Z* Glued to the veiw.	0
[chop]  Could you please post it to the net too please, as I, and I'm sure many others would like to know. Thanks! Kev.	1
Could be better caching on the disk. Could be faster coil for seeks. Could be that the disk spins faster so data transfers faster. Could be that data is packed tighter so it transfers faster. Could be a faster SCSI command decoder in the drive.  Among other things...	1
dhk@ubbpc.uucp (Dave Kitabjian) writes ...  040 486 030 386 020 286   060 fastest, then Pentium, with the first versions of the PowerPC somewhere in the vicinity.   No. Computer speed is only partly dependent of processor/clock speed. Memory system speed play a large role as does video system speed and I/O speed. As processor clock rates go up, the speed of the memory system becomes the greatest factor in the overall system speed. If you have a 50MHz processor, it can be reading another word fro..	1
When Apple came with their demos to Iowa State, I got a chance to run Speedometer3.1 on some of the new Macs. Both machines were running System7.1, had a 14" RGB. Don't know what the caches were set to. Neither machine had an FPU It appears that the Centris610 is quite a bit faster than the LC III:    Centris610  LCIII  CPU  13.01   6.92 Graf  15.67   7.69 Disk  2.22   2.44 Math  25.57   10.19  P.R. Rating 12.91   6.58  So, there is a comparison. There is definitely a very noticable speed differ..	1
Hi!   I'm looking into buying a serial port switcher, because while my Mac has two serial ports, I have AppleTalk, a modem, a printer, MIDI, and a sound digitizer. (2 != 5, unfortunately.)   Specifically, I'm looking at the Axion electronic switcher, because it seems to be fairly cheap. (About $128 at MacZone.)   Does anyone know anything about it? I've heard that with most of these things you can still only use 2 serial ports at a time, it just prevents you from physically swapping cables. Alth..	1
mile."  Ravi,   Its not a good idea to have a horizontally formatted hard disk in a  vertical position. If the drive is formatted in a horizontal position, it can  not completely compensate for the gravitational pull in a vertical position.  I'm not saying that your hard disk will fail tomorrow or 6 months from now, but  why take that chance? If you want more detailed info on the problem, please  mail me at:=> sunnyt@dna.bchs.uh.edu <=.	1
I'm all in favor of drug legalization, but I do see some problems with it. My hope is that people disposed to doing so would simply overdose quickly, and be done with it, before making a mess of thisgs.	3
Update on location!!  Directory should be: public/virtual-worlds!! ^^^^^^  Sorry! :-)	0
I've noticed some of you mentioning owning a Quadra 800 8/230 with CD300 and 1meg of VRAM. It seems that this configuration was purchased complete; that is, the CD300 and VRAM were already installed in the box.  I am interested in that exact configuration and will be buying with an educational discount but have not found the CD300 bundled with any Q800 smaller than the 8/500. If you bought or know how to buy the 8/230 with CD installed, please let me know what you know via email: send messages t..	1
I had a GE Emerson 13" color TV for about 3 years and one fine day, while we were watching something (I doubt if the program was the cause), we heard a mild explosion. Our screen went blank but there was sound, so we thought, 'oh we have special effects on the program'. But soon the sound stopped and smoke started to appear at the back of the TV. The brilliant EEs we are, we unplugged the TV and called customer service only to be thrown around by please hold, I will transfer u to blah blah..  Fi..	2
We have a Quadra 700 with 170MB HD, but need to a lot of sound sampling for auditory research. What would be the best type of removable media for  storing these audio clips?   Ron	1
For the most part, this is a bunch of bunk. I've got a Computer Engineering degree, yet I've spent the last 7 years writing software that people actually use. Moreover, the salary distinctions are incorrect; I received 3 job offers upon graduation; the two jobs that actually used my hardware experience were $7000/year lower! My advice is to decide which classes and projects most interest you, and pick the major that allows you to take them.	1
Could someone please tell me what a   LaserWriter IINTX upgrade kit is.  Its a small box, which has a bag inn it , seemingly containing 6 chips (look like ROMS) and a IINTX manual. The installation instructions are most informative and say, in full, "This product must be installed by an Apple ........."  SO what does this do ? At first I thought it might be a NT to NTX upgrade, but I thought that required an entirely new board.  Any info appreciated.	1
Has ANYONE who has ordered the new PC version of Imagine ACTUALLY recieved it yet? I'm just about ready to order but reading posts about people still awaiting delivery are making me a little paranoid. Has anyone actually  held this piece of software in their own hands?  Later,	0
Hmmm...intersting (and long) message, but TWICE? Well, I don't care for libertarianism, but that is a philisophical disagreement, not a tactical one. Reform of existing laws would be an awfully good idea. You wouldn't believe some of the outrageous things the guardians of our two party  system do to shut out dissent.  = David Matthew Deane (deane@binah.cc.brandeis.edu)	3
If anyone has any information about the upcoming new computers (Cyclone and Tempest), I am in need of some info. Anything would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks,	1
I know it was used several times in the south, to prosecute the murders of blacks, after all white juries had cleared the accussed.   I believe it is a general charge, that is no specific right is mentioned.   The SS has previously ruled that since the seperate governments were in essence seperate sovereigns, then double jeopardy does not apply.  (If this is true, then could defendents also be tried under city and county governments?)  This mornings paper said that the ACLU has decided to reinst..	3
[stuff deleted]  Then why not simply stop reading them. This isn't intended as a flame, but your post reminds me of the old joke:   Patient: "Doctor it hurts when I do this."  Doctor: "Then stop doing that."	3
SAMPE, NCGA, The University of Akron, and NASA Lewis Research Center is sponsoring:   COMPUTERS AND COMPOSITES   A one-day seminar devoted to practical applications of  computer workstations for efficient processing, design, and    Manufacture of composites  May 18, 1993 at  The University of Akron  Akron, Ohio  Speakers on:  Advancement in Graphics Visualization Dr. Jay Horowitz, NASA  Integrated Product Development with Mr. Michael R. Cowen  Network Workstations   Sikorski Aircraft  Structural..	0
Does anyone know what processor the Atari 2600 used? What I'm looking for is th e pin-outs for the Atari 2600.... the schematics for it it... does anyone have any idea where I could find this or any related information? This is very impor tant. Also, are the ROM chips that were used fo rthe 2600 games still available , or were they propreitary? Please email me with any responces, as this is very  important.. Thanks a million...  BTW- Anyone who works/has worked for Atari, I could really use your..	2
I need to get the specs, or at least a very verbose interpretation of the specs, for QuickTime. Technical articles from magazines and references to books would be nice too.  I also need the specs in a format usable on a Unix or MS-DOS system. I can't do much with the QuickTime stuff they have on ftp.apple.com in its present format.  Thanks in advance.	0
A professor of mine once said "The difference between a Computer Engineer and a Computer Scientist is about $5000" meaning the Engineer makes $5000 more than the CS. Seriously though the main difference is that most CS people write programs that people will use, i.e. database, graphics, word processors, etc., while an engineer writes for machines or control systems, i.e. the "computer" in your car, a flight control system, computer controled devices, etc. In other words CS writes SOFTWARE while ..	1
Nice dodge. I give it a 9.2.  Now to answer your questions. I do not believe that there should be a draft. The armed services should be voluntary. Can you say the same about taxes.  I've answered your question. Would you now answer mine.	3
Their should be no difference in the drive itself between IBM-PC and Mac. The two main differences are the formatting of the disk itself (but with the correct software each can read the others) and maybe the cable (depends on your SCSI board on IBM-PC).  If you get some Mac softawre to allow mounting of ANY IBM-formatted disk and the correct cable you should br able to mount and read your IBM-PC syquest.  good luck,  -Paul  -   +-+  | Paul Hardwick | Technical Consulting | InterNet: hardwick@pan..	1
That's a typical claim, though they say they've improved compression speed considerably. Did you find out anything else about the book? I'd be interested in looking at it if you could give me any pointers.  Reportedly, early fractal compression times of 24-100 hours used that marvelous piece of hardware called "grad students" to do the work. Supposedly it's been automated since about 1988, but I'm still waiting to be impressed.	0
Readers,  I own a Mac IIsi and am considering upgrades (cards, hard drive, etc). Can you tell me what the power limitations are for 1) the PDS slot and 2) the hard drive power feed. Secondly, Can you tell me if there is a separate limit for each, or if instead, there is a single limit for both combined?  Please drop me a line if you know the answers to these questions. Thanks,	1
A Alan Brock 4/14/93 Orange County Register Editorial titled "A case for  repealing the income tax" got my attention.   Some quotes:   "... a tax on income, because of the flexible definition of that  concept, invites the government to snoop into every nook and  cranny of our lives. Encouraging people to snoop on one another  and report transgressions against the almighty state, which most  Americans deplored in Nazi or communist regimes..."    "... Although most Americans paid no income tax at ..	3
Hi. I am working on a project for my marketing class and I'd like to ask your help. The assignment is to come up with a product and create a marketing plan for it. Technical issues are not terribly important at this point. Well, my group's plan is to market a "full page" monitor for laptop computers. It would be a third-party product to be installed by authorized repair centers (like Newer Technology's PaletteBook screen). The idea is that the screen would fold in such a way that you would get t..	1
completely ever be is  difference etc....	1
Ed:   Before you ridicule the intelligence of other people, LEARN TO SPELL.  Your typographical errors are, indeed, "embarassing" to those of us who read alt.politics.libertarian for its allegedly superior ideas and writing.	3
The VESA standard can be requested from VESA:  VESA  2150 North First Street, Suite 440  San Jose, CA 95131-2029   Ask for the VESA VBE and Super VGA Programming starndards. VESA  also defines local bus and other standards.   The VESA standard only addresses ways in which an application  can find out info and capabilities of a specific super VGA  implementation and to control the video mode selection  and video memory access.   You still have to set your own pixels.    VESA defines a "window" th..	0
I'm having exactly the same problem. Again, it's fine when I switch to 16 colors or a smaller monitor. My configuration is:  Model: Centris 610 with 4 MB/80 HD, 512 VRAM, no cards Monitor: MAG MX15F with 16" monitor adaptor (for resolution of 832*624)  I just discovered the problem a little while ago after plugging in my new MAG monitor. It seems to appear either when scrolling through a window or when using Alpha or Word and I enter <return>.  My guess is bad VRAMs as well. I really hope it isn..	1
How hard would it be to somehow interface them to some of the popular  Motorola microcontrollers. I am a novice at microcontrollers, but I am starting to get into them for some of my projects. I have several 256k SIMMs laying around from upgraded Macs and if I could use them as "free" memory in one or two of my projects that would be great. One project that comes to mind is a Caller ID device that would require quite a bit of RAM to store several hundered CID records etc...   - Dan -   Daniel Jo..	2
#Tells you something about the fascist politics being practiced ....  Ah, ending discrimination is now fascism.	3
:  : Excuse me if this is a frequent question, I checked in : several FAQs but couldn't really find anything.  You are excused... the answer varies from Mac to Mac so it would be a complex answer in the FAQ. :  : I have a IIsi with the standard 5 meg memory and I want : (need) to add additional memory. But I'm on a budget. : I really don't need more than 10 meg max, so what is : the best (performance wise) and most economical way : to do this? Someone told me that I should only use : SIMMs of th..	1
: I've started to look at some devices doing serial data transmission : over fairly decent distances in fairly noisy environments, and have : seen a variety of schemes for protecting the RS232 transceivers (and : the rest of the circuit) from transients on the serial lines. I'm : left wondering what is the best way of doing this? How necessary is : it? : [stuff deleted] : What is the wisdom on this out there? :  : Ta, :  : Martin. :  :  From what I know, protection is necessary, esp. if you plan..	2
I've got a 386 20Hz computer which is under warranty and my Trident 8900C video card is starting to play-up (surprise, surprise). Therefore I'm going to try to exchange it for a better card.  The BIG Question is:  Which video card is high quality and with an acceptable price tag (on student budget) ???	0
I'm interested in getting an external hard drive for my SE/30. I've got an internal 40MB that's pretty full, even with compression s/w.  Alot of people talk about $/MB, what's a good ratio? I'm thinking of adding either an 80 or a 100 (or 105). What brands would people suggest? Finally, places to buy from? Are more popular mail-order places better to order from or the places that JUST sell hard drives (e.g. ones that advertise in the back of MacWorld and MacUser).  Thanks in advance. If e-mail r..	1
Does someone sell OEM scale units with either analog or digital output? I need something like the scales used in supermarket cash registers,  with a dynamic range of a few pounds and reasonable accuracy.  Any sources ? -David	2
No. No. NOOO!!!  The ground (green) wire is for safety. No current is supposed to flow in it under normal conditions. This means that there's normally no voltage drop in it either. It is supposed to be safe to touch the ground wire... even if you're grounded in some other way at the same time.   The neutral (white) wire is, as Dave Vanderbyl correctly said, the return for the hot wire. Since current flows in it, there's a voltage drop. If you plug a heavy load into a properly-wired grounded outl..	2
Acorn Replay running on a 25MHz ARM 3 processor (the ARM 3 is about 20% slower than the ARM 6) does this in software (off a standard CD-ROM). 16 bit colour at about the same resolution (so what if the computer only has 8 bit colour support, real-time dithering too...). The 3D0/O is supposed to have a couple of DSPs - the ARM being used for housekeeping.   A 25MHz ARM 6xx should clock around 20 ARM MIPS, say 18 flat out. Depends really on the surrounding system and whether you are talking ARM6x o..	0
Our shop uses a package called CADCore - very good - to scan and subsequently vectorize original maps into digital maps. The problem is that once the raster file is loaded into the CADCore package, a header is added to the .HRF file which makes it unreadable by the supplied converter. We would like to be able to ship some of the already-altered raster images for further use on our workstations. So, here are my questions:   (1) What is the Hitachi format? - I need this format so I can recognize p..	0
I've had my Fluke 8060A here at work for just over 10 years now. It is a wonderful meter. Several colleagues here have some of the newer Fluke meters, though I still would just as soon hang on to my 8060. The 8060 a is the 1980s digial "analog" to the Simpson 260 analog DMM of the 1950-1960s. There was/is (?) an 8060B that had extended frequency response.  I've got a nifty little pen shaped meter made by Soar that I keep in my toolbox at home. I've had that for six or seven years now and only re..	2
The operation going on in Somalia is a peacekeeping/peaceenforcement  operation where force may be used. It is not a war. It is also legal  under international law, which is higher than US law. The operation  is occuring under the ageis of the United Nations. Can't get a higher  authority than that on this earth.	3
Nope, Mr. Myers has found the bad mistake and posted a correction, thank God.   Who's acting?	2
I am new to this newsgroup so I apologise if this is not the appropriate forum to ask this question. I am looking for the address of Noise Cancellation Technologies. It is rather important. So if you can help me in this regard, please do. Thank you.	2
Hi Everyone ::  I am looking for some software called SHADOW as  far as I know its a simple raytracer used in the visualization of synchrotron beam lines. Now we have an old version of the program here ,but unfortunately we don't have any documentation if anyone knows where I can get some docs, or maybe a newer version of the program or even  another program that does the same sort of thing I would love to hear from you.  PS I think SHADOW was written by a F Cerrina?  Anyone any ideas?	0
I am continuing to collect user results to produce a more comprehensive report on IIsi clock oscillator upgrades. I you have attempted the modification please drop me a note with details of your experience. The more reports  obtained, the more accurate the numbers I will generate.  If possible, please include the following:  1) Top speed achieved  2) System configuration at top Mhz setting  a) speed rating of the CPU (the last two digits printed on CPU #)  b) presence of additional heat sinks  c..	1
Hi, I'm looking for the 3-D studio driver for the  Oak card with 1 M of RAM.  This would be GREATLY (and I mean that) appreciated	0
Tommy Frandsen's VGAlib (which is probably what you're talking about) will do the standard VGA modes, some tweaked modes and then the Tseng ET4000 Super VGA modes. I have an ET4000 and I'm viewing GIF's at 640x480/256 (I have a lousy/small monitor) with dpg-view on Linux. I think I had to change some constants in the dpg-view sources to make it use the ET4k modes.  VGAlib's sources seem to be designed for easy addition of new Super VGA support; each mode is an array of register values and there'..	0
I haven't been following this thread, so appologies if this has already been mentioned, but how about   comp.graphics.3d	0
}|> There are two simple procedures for alterating any odometer. }|>  }|> 1. Mechanical driven odometer: }|> Remove the speedo cable from the transmission. }|> Attach a drill and run at max speed until the speedo turns over. }|> Continue until the desired mileage is reached. }|>  }|> 2. Electronically driven odometer: }|> Remove the sensor wire from the sensor. }|> Attach the Calibration out signal from an Oscope to the wire. }|> Run until the speedo turns over and attains the desired mileage. }..	2
Who knows... I just quoted what was "written" in SCSI Director...    I've tried calling Transoft Corp about this and have either gotten the response "Huh?" to "Yep" to "Nah"... You would expect that a damaging state- ment like this would have _some_ "data" to back it up...  Anyone want Transoft's phone number?	1
I totally agree. Really, the only people this is going to benefit, are those who live in the cities where the train stops. Who wants to drive to the train station from X (Lubbock for example)? It's probably farther to drive to the train station than it is to the nearest national airport.	3
Ok. I have a record that shows a IIsi with and without a 64KB cache. It's small enough that I will attach it.  I have also measured some real programs with and without the 64 KB cache. The speedup varies a lot from app to app, ranging from 0% to 40%. I think an average of 20%-25% is about right. The subjective difference is not great, but is sometimes noticable. A simple cache card certainly does not transform a IIsi into something enormously better. I do not have an FPU.  The conventional wisdo..	1
Since the digital transmission schemes include error correction and concealment, the performance remains about the same down to a very low carrier-to-noise ratio, below which it degrades very quickly. Hence, digitally compressed TV is supposed to be less susceptible to interference than amplitude modulated TV.	2
Hi! I am in immediate need for details of various graphics compression techniques. So if you know where I could obtain descriptions of algo- rithms or public-domain source codes for such formats as JPEG, GIF, and fractals, I would be immensely grateful if you could share the info with me. This is for a project I am contemplating of doing.  Thanks in advance. Please reply via e-mail if possible.	0
Hi,  I'm hoping someone out there will be able to help our computer science project group. We are doing computer science honours, and our project is to do a 'graphical simulator for a finite state automata'.  Basically, the program must draw a diagram of a FSA from a textual grammar, showing circles for states, and labeled arc's in-between.  The problem is working out the best way to layout the states, and draw the arc's in-between so that as few arc's as possible cross each other.  If anyone ha..	0
A few days ago, my powerbook starts to freeze after appr. 18 seconds of inactivity. It stays alive as long as a program is actively running or as long as the mouse is moved.  Did anyone experience similar problems? Any known fixes?  Please reply by email as I can't read this newsgroup normally.  Regards, Mike Fisher (efisher@ntu.ac.sg) - - Frank Siebenlist <franks@ntu.ac.sg> Senior Research Fellow GINTIC Institute of Manufacturing Technology (GIMT) Nanyang Technological University (NTU) Nanyang ..	1
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary  _ For Immediate Release April 5, 1993    PRESS BRIEFING  BY GEORGE STEPHANOPOLOUS    The Briefing Room    10:10 A.M. EDT      MR. STEPHANOPOULOS: As you know, the President is soon  to be on his way, on Amtrack to Camden Yards. He'll be throwing out  the first pitch.      Q  It's MARC, the Maryland Area Transit, it's not  Amtrack.      MR. STEPHANOPOULOS: Oh, it's not Amtrack? Well, he's  going from Union Station, you're right. Excuse me.      Q  ..	3
I would doubt any civil rights case would be in order for the point that you mentioned. Even if it were possible, I think it is a bad idea since it smacks real strongly of double jeopardy. A civil case for damages is fine since that is a trial that would proceed regardless of the first. I think a bad precedent has already been set in the King trial in L.A. and something like this would make it worse. Regardless of how bad anybody feels about this decision, it must stand that charges of assault w..	3
The object of a cooling tower is to distribute dissolved salts in  cooling water over large areas of farmland and to therefore decrease farm subsidies for non-producers by rendering their land infertile.  A side effect of this deficit-reduction program is that they provide a low-T reservoir for a variety of industrial processes.  Now you know.   -	2
So if this study is proved wrong then it proves that heterosexuals are liars? Unlike the propaganda spouted by the far right the ten percent figure was backed up by the best study available at the time. Its hardly certain that this new study is correct since it hasn't even been out for enough time for any double checking to happen.   Of course if they had found 10% then it would be invalid because it was funded by planned parenthood :)   Even if its "only" one million the point still stands. Eve..	3
Hi there!  Could some kind soul tell me what is the price of LC/IIvi/IIvx compatible 512kb VRAM SIMMs in the US nowadays? The price over here (Finland) is so ridiculously high (about $185 each in USD) that I think it is worth the trouble to try to get them overseas.  Thanks	1
Hello world, does anyone know of a Postscript PPD for a Versatec  A0-size plotter, which is generally accessed via a ZEH Postscript interpreter? Replies by e-mail very gratefully received - this is proving to be quite a tricky one.  _ Andrew D. Nielsen Internet : anielsen@DIALix.oz.au Advanced Systems Consultant AppleLink: AUST0278 AppleCentre Perth  69 Adelaide Tce Tel: +61-9-2214511 PERTH WA 6004 AUSTRALIA FAX: +61-9-2212527	1
I can't say for sure with the IIvx -> C650 upgrade, but I wondered the same thing when I ordered my LC -> LC III upgrade. Turns out the "upgrade" is actually an entire CPU minus any disk drives. You pull the floppy and hard drives out of the old one, stick them in the new one, and you've got an LC III.  The IIvx -> C650 may be the same thing.  It might be something to look into for those people who are unhappy that Apple only sells Macs pre-packaged with the drives. Of course, the price is quite..	1
No, he's not missing anything. You're right that some models of the 650 ship in the USA without FPU or Ethernet. Per Ejeklint is also right - *all*, I repeat, *ALL* Centris 650's sold here in New Zealand and, I assume, Europe have the FPU and Ethernet.	1
The article that follows was taken from the Wednesday, April 14, 1993 issue of USA Today ("Drug Use Up At Younger Age" by Mike Snider, p. 1A).   Drug use is on the rise among kids as young as eighth graders -  usually 13 - and they're using more LSD and inhalants like glue  and air fresheners, says a new survey.   The annual National High School Senior Survey on Drug Abuse finds  "statistically significant increases" in eighth-graders' use of  many drugs, including marijuana, cocaine, crack, LSD..	3
I like it a lot. It is worth the additional expense. The only problem I found is with MS Word (5.1a). If you have a table the is longer than a page and the cells have a visible border, the last (bottom of page) line on the first page will be missing. It makes no difference how the table is formatted. The worst is that it doesn't show up in word's page view or page preview.  -   Arie.	1
I'd like to see this info as well. As for wavelength, I think you're primarily going to find two - 880 nM +/- a bit, and/or 950 nM +/- a bit. Usually it is about 10 nM either way. The two most common I have seen were 880 and 950 but I have also heard of 890 and 940. I'm not sure that the 10 nM one way or another will make a great deal of difference.   Another suggestion - find a brand of TV that uses an IR remote, and go look at the SAMS photofact for it. You can often find some very detailed sc..	2
I'm no expert at UPS's, but you said something that made it sound like you didn't realize something. On a typical UPS (well, on ours, anyway), there is NO switchover from AC to DC. All the protected equipment is ALWAYS running from the batteries (via an inverter), with the usual  condition of also having them on charge. If the power fails, big deal -  the computers never see it (until the batteries start to droop, but  there's something like 60 car-sized batteries in that cabinet, so it  takes a..	2
But the interesting comparision is how fast clock-cycle chips you can get - an Alpha is WAY slow at 66 MHz, but blazes at 200 MHz.    But the 68040 is (or will soon be) available in 40 MHz version, making it "comparable" to a 486DX2-80   I think you have that one turned around; they have faster clock cycles but less power behind each cycle. Not to mention that the Intel instruction stream is BYTE-oriented (longest Intel instruction is 15 bytes; what an odd number :-) which makes it hard to do an..	1
Am I glad you write that. I got flamed all along because I begged NOT to crosspost some nonsense articles.  The problem with crossposting is on the first poster. I am aware that this posting is a crossposting too, but what else should one do. You never know where the interested people stay in.  To split up newsgroups brings even more crossposting.  -   Jan Holler, Bern, Switzerland Good is not good enough, make it better! holli!holler@augs1.adsp.sub.org ((Second chance: holler@iamexwi.unibe.ch))	0
I sure did use version 3.2. It works fine with most software but NOT with Animator Pro and that one is quite important to me. Pretty useless program without that thing working IMHO. So I hope the author can fix that.  /Daniel...	0
: My 9 yr old son has signed up to do a science report on batteries. I was : wondering if anyone could provide me with some information as to how to : construct a home-built battery. In my grade school days, I remember seeing : the 'ice cube tray' version, but I don't remember what to use as a good : electrolyte or what the easily obtainable metals were.   : Thank you in advance.  : Dean W. Anneser Pratt & Whitney Aircraft  : Computer System Specialist m.s. 161-05 \_ -\  : (203)565-9372 (desk) 5..	2
Probably, law enforcement people (Park Service Police and D.C. cops), who will use aerial photographs and extrapolate based on the density of the crowd in small regions.  These sort of techniques derive from Army Intelligence and CIA methods of estimating troop strength, and tend to be methodologically skewed to always come up with inflated numbers, so as to justify bigger budgets.	3
Does anybody have informations about the   W 86 C 451 and W 86 C 456 chips (40pin DIL pckg)?  They are build in a multifunction io-card for pc.  Thanks   Dirk -  - Dirk Junghanns junghanns@rz.tu-ilmenau.de	2
From what I understand about radar dectectors all they are is a passive device much like the radio in your car. They work as an antenna picking up that radar signals that the radar gun sends out. Therefore there would be no way of detecting a radar detector any more than there would be of detecting whether some one had a radio in their car.	2
What is hardware handshaking and when do I want to use it? Dan	1
I'm looking to build a microphone preamp that has very good low-noise characteristics, large clean gain, and incorportates phantom power (20-48 volts (dc)) for a PZM microphone. I'm leaning towards a good, low-cost (??) instrumentation amplifier to maintain the balanced input from the microphone, for its good CMRR, internal compensation, and because i can use a minimal # of parts.   Does anyone out there have any experience, suggestions, advice, etc...that they'd like to pass on, I'd greatly app..	2
Here's a rough sketch of how the system works. A reference station with a very exactly known position computes the errors in the incoming GPS signals. These errors are due to several factors including atmospheric distortion, SA (Selective Availability) time dithering, etc. The reference unit contains complex computational  equipment to "back out" the errors in its position (since it knows where it is already). It then transmits these corrections on a  broadcast which is available to any number o..	2
Here in switzerland, the situation is exactly the same. The cable tv companies  even tried to stop amateur radio in switzerland in the beginning of cable  tv(they seem to be too stupid to know anything about international frequency  conferences or so). Even today, they use the cheapest possible coax running  into problems they can't solve anymore. As Bill noted, the only way is to look  for a solution with the neighbours *BEFORE* calling for the cable tv guys or  the fcc. The chance to find neig..	2
Could someone please send instructions for installing simms and vram to  jmk13@po.cwru.edu? He's just gotten his 700 and wants to drop in some  extra simms and vram that he has for it.	1
Nonsense. First, the uranium fuel is sealed in zirconium alloy cylinders (which don't melt in any circumstances short of  major failure of the power plant). Second, the primary water (that circulates inside the reactor core) is never pumped into the cooling tower (it's the SECONDARY water cycle that goes  through the cooling tower). Third, liquid uranium would burst into flame on contact with air.    Cleaning crew working in a mist of uranium? This is a toxic heavy metal, even if it WEREN'T radi..	2
Radius speculated, publicly, that they could provide a PowerPC-based Rocket for existing Macs. It would have the plus of RocketShare and the minus of NuBus accelerators - no true boot off the accelerator, NuBus bottleneck to video and other I/O.  Apple, it seems, will not compete with third parties here - except perhaps for not-yet-available Macs like Cyclone, where a PowerPC slot might be advertised. Look for Daystar and such to make PowerPC accelerators.  One potential problem with any acceler..	1
Wasn't it Tricky Dick who issued stern warnings to Bush & Clinton not to 'Lose Russia'? (a la 'Who lost China?')	3
A method which will directly (almost) provide you with the information that you require is that which is commonly used for coordinate measurements of  human body landmarks (eg. the SELSPOT system by SELSPOT AB, Sweden, and the WATSMART System ??). These use lateral photoeffect detectors [Lindholm and Oberg, 1974; Woltring and Marsolais, 1980] to determine the position of a spot of light projected (using a camera lens) over its surface. In escence, the detector is a large photodiode with four cat..	2
# # I thought I was clear. Because homosexuals support laws to force # # employment of homosexuals against the will of some employers, they # # are attempting to interfere with private acts between mutually consenting # # adults. #  # Ok, I'll leave others to discuss your use of statistics, but I think I'm # able to discuss liberterian ideas. # The ideas are good. They seek to maximise individual rights by keeping # governments out of transactions between consenting adults. If an employer wants ..	3
For those who are interested in Ray Traced pictures, there is a nice example on alt.binaries.pictures.misc. The file is called Poolball.gif. It shows a pooltable with... YES! ... poolballs! Resolution: 1024x768, colours: 256 (only). The TGA (24 bit) version is also available, but a bit big (2.4Mb) to post. The picture is created with POV-ray.     Enjoy!   _Gerco_ _cgschot@cs.ruu.nl_	0
Well, this is my second try at posting on this subject. Here goes...  In Texas (Corpus Christi at least) if you pick up the phone and dial  890 the phone company will read the number of the phone you are on   back to you. I believe the service department uses this to make  certain they are repairing the correct lines when they open the BIG  junction boxes. I don't know if it will work but you can give it a  try. Good luck.	2
Please note that there are some radiosity packages in my Resource Listing (under the Subject 3: FTP list)  Greetings, Nick. - Nick (Nikolaos) Fotis National Technical Univ. of Athens, Greece HOME: 16 Esperidon St., InterNet : nfotis@theseas.ntua.gr  Halandri, GR - 152 32 UUCP: mcsun!ariadne!theseas!nfotis  Athens, GREECE FAX: (+30 1) 77 84 578  USENET Editor of comp.graphics Resource Listing and soc.culture.greece FAQ NTUA/UA ACM Student Chapter Chair - we're organizing a small conference  in Co..	0
Hi,  Can anybody suggest robust algorithms/code for computing the point of intersection on n, 2-d lines in a plane. The data has outliers and hence a simple least squares technique does not seem to provide satifactory results.  Please respond by e-mail and I will post the summary to the newsgroups if there is sufficient interest.  Thanks,  Raj Talluri Member Technical Staff Image Understanding Branch Texas Instruments Central Research Labs Dallas, Texas 75248	0
Do the accelaratores make a lot of difference? As I understand, there is graphics and cpu accelaration.  Does graphics accelarator help out with the scanner and the photo shop?  Is combination of both practical?  I have a Mac IIci. What kinds of accelaratores can I use?    -	1
Up to 60 microamperes = on hook  Over something like 10 mA = off hook  In between = defective line, and the phone company comes looking  for leaky insulation.	2
I think this is mostly the fault of the people who write up the literature and price lists being confused themselves. Since there are two possible processor configurations and one of the them doesn't have an FPU it does seem to be an option, even though it really isn't.    Well, then allow me to end your confusion. The C650 ONLY come with an LC040 in the base 4/80 configuration. If you are not getting this configuration then you are getting an FPU.    Good question. I have been wondering that si..	1
As a general rule, no relay will cleanly switch audio if you try to tranfer the circuit with the contacts. The noise you hear is due to the momentary opening and closing of the path.  The noiseless way of transfering audio is to ground the circuit. In high impedance audio circuits a resistive "T" is constructed close to characteristic impedance of the circuit. Grounding the imputs (connected to the T) transfers the audio.  In low impedance circuits transformers are usually used, and the inputs a..	2
So-Called Cool-Hot boxes have been advetised for several years. I recall Damark advertising them in a recent catalog. Problem with the units is they do a sh*y job of keeping food cold/warm. The peliter devices used just don't seem to have enough punch to keep up. If you want something hot, you need to heat it up before you put it in the box, and end up hours later with food thats only moderately warm. Same goes for cold items.    You'de probably be better off getting a good Coleman(tm) cooler an..	2
There is a program called Graphic Workshop you can FTP from wuarchive. The file is in the msdos/graphics directory and is called "grfwk61t.zip." This program should od everthing you need.  -	0
Where can you get info (brochures...) on Differential GPS Systems and where to  buy them?	2
-   |||||||||||      |||||||||||  _|||||||||||_|||||||||||_ jr0930@eve.albany.edu -|||||||||||-|||||||||||- jr0930@Albnyvms.bitnet  ||||||||||| GO HEAVY OR GO HOME |||||||||||	0
Thanks to everyone who sent replies regarding this case. A few of them were very informative and helped very much.	3
The federal civil rights trial against the four LA police officers accused of violating Rodney King's civil rights is now history:   Lawrence Powell: guilty  Stacey Coons:  guilty  Theodore Brazenio: innocent  Timothy Wind:  innocent   Sentencing slated for mid August, appeals expected.   So far, all is calm in LA... -	3
Careful now folks... Also consider the 90VAC+ @20Hz that is forced on ring and tip when the phone's supposed to ring! Even with a simple zener and LED setup, you might end up with some carbon real quick. Whatever scheme you use, make sure you've got at least 200V-rated components on  the frontend.  Also remember that, if I'm not mistaken, the phone line is a 600ohm equivalent circuit. Any current you draw from the 48V or so gets dropped across that 600ohms. That's fine until you're down to rough..	2
Pity you didn't say something about the use of statistics to justify targeting and persecuting a minority, then.    What in the Tree makes you think we queers CAN'T experience that commitment?  What's stopping us from committing to one partner for the rest of our lives?  I have every intention of doing so, once I find the right person...and whether that person is male or female, I seriously doubt that a church ceremony/public vow/licence will make any difference whatsoever in the sort of commitm..	3
Agreed. Agreed.   Agreed.   And this demonstrates, I assume, that you're a liberal. :-).	3
If you write a second time to a CD you need to have multi-session capability to read the second session. Whether it is photos or just data or whatever.  Here is a simplified way of looking at it: The first session has the directory structure burned at some tracks. The second session has a newer directory structure, but the first directory still exists, because you cannot change, only add. So if you put that in a 'normal' drive and it will only look to the first directory and think it has found a..	1
So far I have only seen pictures of the new ergonomic keyboard, but it seems that the 'b' is placed on the left part after the split. However, when I learned typing in school some years ago, I was taught to write 'b' with my right hand. Is this a difference between Danish and American typing, or what???  Thanks a lot in advance!  -	1
RS Components (they exist in Australia and the UK. Don't know about the US) have little chips called Isolated MAX 250 and 251. They give you isolated RS-232 from a single 5V supply. External components are 4 caps, 4 optoisolators, a diode, and an isloting transformer. They go up to 19.2K baud..  John West	2
Try Parts Express in Dayton, Ohio also. They have a complete line of  professional arcade buttons, joysticks etc...  The have a 1-800 number so call 1-800-555-1212 and ask them what the 1-800 number for Part Express in Dayton, Ohio is. I love the free 1-800 directory  assistance...   - Dan -   Daniel Joseph Rubin rubin@cis.ohio-state.edu	2
I too am interested in peoples' experience with accelerators for the SE. Is an accelerator the best route to improve performace in my SE, or should I consider upgrading to an SE/30 motherboard? Obviously, buying a new mac  would be ideal, but alas, I only have enough money for an accelerator or motherboard.  E-mail reply preferred. Thanks.	1
That was hardly the point, was it? I was commenting on this all-too-common Republican attitude that if people disagree with us, they must be idiots, they must be sheep being led around by the Evil Liberal Media Conspiracy. This is a dangerous attitude indeed. Because it's not a very big step from "people are sheep, they can't think for themselves" to "people are sheep and need firm leadership from we, who know better"... this sort of attitude makes me worry about what'll happen to the United Sta..	3
...for very small values of six and nine.	0
For those of you who don't need 24 bit, I got a 32 colour Amiga IFF of a cloudless Earth (scanned). Looks okay when mapped on a sphere. E-mail me and I'll send it you...  Louis	0
You misunderstand. I'm not trying to prove a *cause* for anything.  Merely pointing out that Ted's assertion that the "blip" in revenues was "caused" by selling to avoid the tax can't be proven.    Not disputed.    It works for any situation. If you believe the market is going up, don't sell.   If believe it's not, sell. But then you'd be selling anyways, wouldn't you?   So where is the evidence that a large number of people suddenly decided that the higher taxes meant they should sell before th..	3
: Please don't ask questions like "why don't you buy a soundblaster". The : answer is simple "Overpriced considering the sound quality".	2
My Apple 13" RGB monitor has over the past few months gone brighter and brighter and the colors are not as rich as before. Has anyone out there encountered a similar problem? Dows anyone happen to know what this problem may be due to?	1
A while back someone had several equations which could be used for changing 3 f iltered grey scale images into one true color image. This is possible because it's the same theory used by most color scanners. I am not looking for the obv ious solution which is to buy a color scanner but what I do need is those equat ions becasue I am starting to write software which will automate the conversion  process. I would really appreciate it if someone would repost the 3 equations /3 unknowns. Thanks for ..	0
They detect the oscillator operating in the detector. Saw a story about their use in Canada. Now don't go putting oscillators in your cars... :-)	2
Recently I saw the latest Computer Shopper and in it there was an article on nice shareware graphics programs. They looked pretty good and of the 6 listed in the article, one I had (Graphics Workshop), one I found via archie (Draft Choice - old version though) and the rest I couldn't find. So if there is anyone that knows where I can get the following programs via anonymous ftp, please let me know.  Adkins Graphics :AG1.ZIP, AG2.ZIP Draft Choice (latest VGA version) : DRAFTC.ZIP Envision Publish..	0
Great. This site is a complete shadow of the Signetics BBS 8051 directory.  Thanks Brian, -  Mont Pierce	2
I have a MOSFET pulled out of a Trygon power supply, for which I have no  manual. It's a Motorola part with a 1972 date code and the number    285-4	2
The internal HD in my LC disappeared for a day last week, and I'd like to hear any (reasonable) theories folks can suggest for what happened.  It is an LC, with 10MB of RAM and an 80MB internal drive, running system 7.1, with a few SCSI devices in a (so far as I know) properly terminated chain.  I had shut down the system for a day- I was out of town and we sometimes have thunderstorms this time of year- and upon restarting got a blinking question mark. I booted from a floppy and saw that my ext..	1
Take a look over in alt.folklore.urban. There is a thread about subliminal messages on TV. The fact that subliminal messages don't work aside, an image can't be flashed on a TV screen fast enough to not be noticed. -   Bob Billson, KC2WZ | internet: bob@kc2wz.bubble.org  $nail: 21 Bates Way, Westfield, NJ 07090 | uucp: ...!uunet!kc2wz!bob	2
I thnik i'll be able to pick up a piar of Mac 512K's for nothing, but their power supplies are dead. Anyone know where I can pick up a pair of refurbished PS's for cheap (preferably mail order). Yes, I do have uses planned fior them. One will be sold to a friend who just needs a terminal to connect via modem to his e-mail account. The other will be used by me as a net client to run my downloads and/or printing.	1
Has anyone got multiverse to work ?  I have built it on 486 svr4, mips svr4s and Sun SparcStation.  There seems to be many bugs in it. The 'dogfight' and 'dactyl' simply do nothing (After fixing a bug where a variable is defined twice in two different modules - One needed setting to static - else the client core-dumped)  Steve -	0
It's my understanding that, when you format a magneto-optical disc, (1) the formatting software installs a driver on the disc, (2) if you insert the disc in a different drive, then this driver is loaded into the computer's memory and then controls the drive, and (3) if this driver is incompatible with the drive, then the disc can not be mounted and/or properly read/written Is that correct?	1
Hi there  I am very interested in Rayshade 4.00. I have managed to make a chessboard for Rayshade. Unfortunately I still have to do the knight (horse). Any ideas? I am also looking for a surface for the chesspieces. The board is marble. Unfortunately black won't work very well for the one side. Anybody with ideas for nice surfaces?  I would also like to use the image command of rayshade and the heightfield command. Unfortunately the manual is very vague about this, and I don't have Craig Kolb's ..	0
:  : >A stupid question, but what will CView run on and where can I get it? I : >am still in need of a GIF viewer for Linux. (Without X-Windows.) : >Thanks! : >  :  : Ho boy. There is no way in HELL you are going to be able to view GIFs or do : any other graphics in Linux without X windows! I love Linux because it is : so easy to learn.. You want text? Okay. Use Linux. You want text AND : graphics? Use Linux with X windows. Simple. Painless. REQUIRED to have : X Windows if you want graphics! Thi..	0
Well, I'm not sure I'd use this to process a guitar but there was a audio filter DSP construction article in the Sept 92 issue of QST magazine (Ham Radio oriented). The DSP is available in kit form for about $120.  This particular DSP filter was targetted toward processing audio to remove noise (static). I built it and it really works well. The source code is available too. It makes a noisy audio signal much easier to hear. Note that this is for communication applications and is not "high fideli..	2
Anyone know what would cause my IIcx to not turn on when I hit the keyboard switch? The one in the back of the machine doesn't work either... The only way I can turn it on is to unplug the machine for a few minutes, then plug it back in and hit the power switch in the back immediately... Sometimes this doesn't even work for a long time...  I remember hearing about this problem a long time ago, and that a logic  board failure was mentioned as the source of the problem...is this true?	1
What kind of polygons? Shaded? Texturemapped? Hm? More comes into play with fast routines than just "polygons". It would be nice to know exaclty what system (VGA is a start, but what processor?) and a few of the specifics of the implementation. You need to give more info if you want to get any answers! :P   - Ian Romanick  Dancing Fool of Epsilon	0
I don't want to get into a semantic argument, but contrary to some other postings "near UV light" /is/ "actual UV light." The "near" means that it is close to the visible spectrum (i.e. of relatively long wavelength), not that it is "nearly UV." (I'm sure you can figure out now just what "far UV" is.)  Regular incandenscent flashlight bulbs emit tiny amounts of UV in the near end of the spectrum, such that a filter can be used to remove the visible light and thus create a weak UV source. Stronge..	2
If the free market places an attractive price on the screwing in of a light bulb, you can bet your bottom dollar that the light bulb will most certainly get screwed in - and most promptly at that, too.	3
Help! I'm trying to program my VGA! I've got it working with in pascal with the following routines for mode $13h (320*200*256). I've got a VESA compatable Trident 8900C w/1meg and need to program in 1024*768 mode. I don't care how many colors.   Could someone take this code and help me write 2 new procedures to replace them so that it'll work in 1024*768*16 or 1024*768*256?   That'd be GREAT! Thanks...   Here is the code I currently have for 320*200*256 mode:    Procedure GraphMode;    Begin { V..	0
If this doesn't beat all I ever heard! The above certainly says a mouthful about the mindset of Ted Frank, and also of statists everywhere.	3
As one of the "Clintonites" cited above, I'll try to clarify since this is not a case of Clinton's "dishonesty." (I won't necessarily defend him on other issues.)   There were NEVER any specific projects included in the Community Development Block Grant portion of the President's proposal. Congressional Republicans, in an effort to discredit the stimulus package, selected what they felt were silly sounding projects from a wish-list of POTENTIAL  projects prepared by the US Mayors' Conference bef..	3
I have a new 25 MHz Motorola 68040 that I am willing to sell if I get a good enough offer. It is still in its static free sealed package.  If I don't get a good enough offer, I will use it to replace my 68LC040.  Any takers?   Supposedly you can get one of these for $375. However, at the moment the demand is higher than the supply so I think $400 is a good round number. I will pay shipping, of course.	1
Ok, I was under the impression that it accepted digital input.  I still don't know for sure if it accepts BOTH interlaced and  non-interlaced as I have gotten conflicting info.	2
Can someone please help me understand the current situation regarding SIMMS?  I have a IIsi which I will probably keep for another 2 years.  I would like to add more memory, ie go from 5 MB to 17 MB.  I know that I will need 4 x 4MB, 80ns or faster SIMMS.  Which SIMMS, 30 pin or 72 pin? Would the SIMMS I get today be usable in 2 years with a  newer, more powerful system?  Any insight would be appreciated.  Thanks.  Rob	1
In case you haven't noticed, Clintonites are pushing a universal health  care ACCESS program. "Access" here means that folks who do not give   a damn about immunizing their children will have health care services  delivered to their doorsteps.   -  - Disclaimer: Opinions expressed are mine, not my employer's.	3
Hi, can anyone direct me to map type gifs?   I am interesting in cartography and would find these gifs useful.  tia,	0
: I guess this changes my opinion of them and I thought I would warn : any prospective customers for the EN/SC PB.  FWIW, I work for FOCUS Enhancements, and a lot of the people we sell our EtherLAN SC/SC-T (our SCSI Ethernet interface) are disgruntled EN/SC users.  : I also now need to know if anyone has been successful with the : comparable product from Dayna or Focus. I really don't want to use up : that NuBus slot.  *Sigh*. I wish I had better news. The FOCUS EtherLAN SC is currently incompat..	1
Sorry I missed you Raymond, I was just out in Dahlgren last month...  I'm the Virtual Reality market manager for Silicon Graphics, so perhaps I can help a little.    Unfortunately, while SGI systems were used to create the special effects for both Terminator 2 and Lawnmower Man, those are film-quality computer graphics, rendered in software and written to film a frame at a time. Each frame of computer animation for those films took hours to render on high-end parallel processing computer systems..	0
# ## Face it, Clayton, he was not found guilty, and so what if gays sometimes # ## make it consensually with 16 year old boys. There ARE 16 year old gays, you # ## know. And as I recall, the case of the state rested on the testimony of one # ## "victim" who declined to testify, even under threat. I have had teens since # ## I was 40, and so have a lot of people. Face it Clayton, you're just a jerk! # ## -RSW # ## -  # ## * Richard STEVEn Walz rstevew@deeptht.armory.com (408) 429-1200 * # ## * 51..	3
# #The official and legal term for rape is "the crime of forcing a FEMALE  # #to submit to sexual intercourse." #  # Please, supply me with some references. I was not aware that all states # had the word "FEMALE" in the rape statutes. I am sure others are surprised # as well. I know thats how it works in practice (nice-n-fair, NOT!!), but # was unaware that it was in the statutes as applying to FEMALES only, # uniformly throughout the U.S. #  # -Chris  There may be some confusion here. The Unifo..	3
Hmm, I don't know where this information concerning the cable and the warranty came from but I ordered mine from Logos Communications, near Cleveland, and inside was a Mac cable (with the correct pin connections :-)) and a lifetime warranty. The whole package was assembled at AT&T Paradyne, and every piece (the serial cable, the telephone cable, etc.) had AT&T  part numbers on them, except the QuickLink software package and the  CompuServe intro kit.   If anyone's interested, Logos number is (80..	1
I need help on 4 components:  BAT85 diode - I know Digi-key or Newark sells them, but the minimum order is 25! Does anyone know where I can get smaller orders of this diode, or an equivalent replacement?  BC546B transistor - Ditto for this transistor.  74HC239 chip - Digi-key, Newark and Mouser do not appear to carry ths chip - does anyone know what this does and where I can obtain it?  YM3623B chip - This Yamaha chip decodes S/PDIF data (from CD or DAT). Where can I obtain one of these?	2
Hi Netters!  I am looking for the list of universities in Austrailia, which has electronics department.  I am considering to spend a year for research in Austrailia about communication area. I am interested in Mobile communication areas and spread spectrum communications etc.  But I don't have any information about Austrailian Universities. Can anybody recommend a good university in communication area? Any comments will be welcomed!  Bye.	2
You're being too generous to the communists, I think. In practice, communism has "solved" the problem by killing off anybody who is _too_ productive, and who therefore raises embarrassing questions about why the rest of the group is a bunch of sluggards. The mass butchery of "kulaks" in the USSR is a good instance of this.  A poor second best is to have a neighboring capitalist country to which people of politically incorrect skill and ambition flee. I often wonder just what Castro would have do..	3
I notice the Toshiba 3401 has 3 versions, B - internal, E - external and P - portable. Can anyone tell me the difference between the portable and the external version? Where in the SF Bay Area can I find a model P?  Thanks, -Bill	1
Does anyone know the phone number to a place where i can get a VGA passthrough?   I want to hook up my VGA card to my XGA card (whcih you can can). All I need is the cable that connects them. It is the same type of cable that you would connect from your VGA card to say a Video Blaster or something.	0
Does anyone have a radon transform in C that they could  send me?      Any help accepted,	0
There was a discussion a couple of weeks ago about using different cables to  achieve different resolutions on the Quadra and Centris series. A company that sold the cables was mentioned. Can someone please e-mail me the companies name, address, etc, and any other info that may be relevant?    "Just like everything else in life, the right lane ends in half a mile."	1
I have a routine that changes the color (RGB) attributes on my VGA adapter, but it doesn't work in the mode that I need.  Specifically 68 hex. An obscure mode, of course, but I need to change the zillions of colors to 64 shade greyscale, but I do not have the correct memory address for the pointer I need.  PLEASE, someone, I need the starting address, or maybe somewhere  I can find it. Thank you.	0
Not necessarily true; a short in one, if near the maximum series voltage drop, will overvoltage the other one and short it too, more	2
I got a question from my dad which I really can't answer and I'd appreciate some net.wisdom.  His question is about some 18-24" diameter balls which are attached to electric power lines in his area. He's seen up to a half dozen between two poles. Neither of us have any experience with electric power distribution. My only guess was that they may be a capacitive device to equalize the inductance of the grid, but why so many between two poles?.  Anyone know what they really are? Is there a related ..	2
There is a new product for the (IBM'ers) out there... it is called IMAGINE and it just started shipping yesterday... I can personally attest that it will blow the doors off of 3D-Studio. It is made by IMPUlSE, and is in its 3rd version....(1st) for the IBM.... it can do morphing, your standard key-framming animation, it is a raytracer (reflections & shadows), and can do/apply special FX to objects... (like ripple, explode, bounce) things of that nature. Also it has algorithmic texture maps....an..	0
it can  position.  now, but  please   Sunny,  I asked this question a while ago while contemplating placing my 650 on  it's side. I received a response from someone at Seagate (Sorry I  trashed the message) stating that most newer drives (Seagates at the  least) can very well compensate for gravity. This means that a  horizontally formatted drive can be later placed vertically with no data  integrity problems. The only way that newer drives cannot work is if you  have varying forces (shaking, bo..	1
I replied to your message, however, it is listed as a new topic with the title: "rnitedace and violence". Possibly line noise or error caused to post as a new topic. I see it here as #100.  Regards,	3
That is in fact the current version (it only came out in December).   My test movie was created at 320*240 resolution, it wasn't being scaled up. Scaling was a very CPU-intensive operation with the original QuickTime (1.0); the current version has optimizations for ratios like 4:1 (160*120 -> 320*240), but even so, I'm prepared to believe that the performance isn't as good as with playing back an actual 320*240 movie. I haven't done any numerical measurements for scaled playback.	0
For all people that are interested in every aspect of the 2600 try the zine:  2600 connection $1 cash to : Timothy Duarte PO Box N, 664 Westport, MA 02790  for sample	2
A question in general about displaying NTSC through a Mac.  If I understand correctly, the Video Spigot can display NTSC in a small window as well as capture the data in Quicktime format.  However, if I want to use a larger window, what are my options? Perhaps I misunderstood the Video Spigot review...   Also, I am not interested in Quicktime. I would merely like to use my Mac as a television from time to time. I have a nice Sony 1430 monitor, and I would like to use it as a second TV when my wi..	1
Since you asked, Article I Section 1. Article I Section 8. Article I  Section 10. Article II Section 2. Article VI. Sixteenth Amendment.  With this as a guide, try reading it yourself.  jsh	3
Only the most comprehensive survey on sexuality in 50 years.   Chance and size have nothing in common on the multimillion number scale we are  talking about.    Nobody said that you were. Chill.   Well said.   Actually, the Kinsley Report in 1947(or 48?) used a high percentage of  prisoners so...........	3
Why don't you just run one LED at 60 KHz and use a flip flop at the receiving end to divide by 2 and give you a good square 30KHz signal. Just a thought. LORI	2
Is Impulse shipping IMAGINE for the PC386/486? How close is it to the Amiga's IMAGINE 2.0, in terms of features?	0
Is there an FTP archive for United States Geological Services (USGS) terrain data? If so, where?	0
:  : No. I make a distinction between working for yourself to survive and : paying dues to Mother Nature in the form of labour and working for : Joe propertyowner because you do not have the option of working for : yourself. Joe propertyowner stands between you and the earth you : work and expects you to pay him *and* mother nature for the right : to survive. The property laws create a layer of parasites that get : fat on the fact that people have *no option* except to work in : factories.  :  I..	3
In 1860:  region total population free blacks % slaves % U.S. 32,227,616 487,070 1.5% 3,953,818 12.3% Confederacy 9,103,332 132,760 1.5% 3,521,110 38.7% Union Slave States 3,212,041 128,158 4.0% 432,586 13.5% All Union States 23,124,284 354,310 1.5% 432,708 1.9% Union "Free" States 19,912,243 226,152 1.1% 122 0.0%	3
Go-Video machines used in HQ2 mode will copy even the MacroVision. Go-Video phone number (602)998-3400.   Ask for sales department. Since the state of Arizona does not go on  Daylight Savings time, we effectively are in Pacific time zone.	2
Does anyone know what hardware is required and where I could find it for sound recording on the Mac Portable.  Thanks	1
I am looking for a package which takes as inputs a set of geometric objects defined by unions of convex polytopes specified in some manner, say by inequalities and equalities, and determines in some reasonable form things like intersections, unions, etc. etc..  Does anyone know where I can find such a thing?	0
Pascal Perret, in article <1993Apr21.125750.263@eicn.etna.ch>, wrote  Funny thing, the InterNet: I have no idea what xv221 might be - except that it might be something to do with X-windows on PCs (? If you know, and have used it, and think that it is good, email me. [ryanph@mrl.dsto.gov.au]).  DV/X is a common abbreviation for QuarterDeck corporation's Desqview/X software.  I have not used DV/X yet, but reading the blurbs that Quarterdeck sent me, it sounds pretty great:  * allows multiple DOS m..	0
Hm, I've got my CD drive since 921230.   Indeed, CDs are bundled with it. You usually get nine CDs with demos of applications, games, photos, etc.  I have compiled a list of these and posted it to alt.cdrom. I will post an updated version of this list RSN.	1
Intel also makes some neat memory and peripheral chips:  Old technology (early 1980's)  8155 ram plus IO (slow ram as I recall) 8755 eprom plus IO (expensive and slow)   Intel does make Eproms with built in address latches. I fear that you would need a very flexible and up-to-date eprom programmer to write to them.  give them a call. I am not able to locate their memory products book yet.    Sigh... Now, who borrowed it...	2
PPPPP OOOOO V V Persistance Of Vision Raytracer. P P O O V V P P O O V V PPPPP O O V V P O O V V P O O V V P OOOOO V  Available on archie and wuarchive in graphics type directories.  PS It's freeware.  -	0
Gene's stuff for sale...NEW PRICES!!!  The following items are for sale:  Qty. Description List Price _  1 SuperMac ColorLink SX/T 24 bit NuBUS/10BASE-T 750.00 _549.00_  This card is primo! selling for $675 mailorder  It suports monitors up to 19 in. with 28" x 28"  virtual desktop. Accelerated, hardware pan, etc!  This quick sale price includes free 2nd day air!   1 Seagate ST1480 430 meg 3.5 in HD 2 mo. old 989.00 675.00  NOTE: All hardware is in normal working order. Prices do NOT include  sh..	1
Well, I'm not too sure if this would be the right place to post this, but anyway, here goes: I was just noticing that some of the current bubblejet printers offers up to 360x360 resolution while a lot of lower end laser printers only offer 300x300. However, the laser printers still seems to be significantly pricier than the bubblejets... how is this? Or am I missing something about the resolution thing?	2
Even easier, my area supports 311. Dial this and a recording recites your number. Phone techs use it to verify an installed line. -    Gary Gendel Vice President:    Current consulting assignment: Genashor Corp    Mentor Graphics Corporation 9 Piney Woods Drive   15 Independence Boulevard Belle Mead, NJ 08502   Warren, NJ 07059	2
Contact Chris Arthur at Chris_Arthur@pennies.stratus.com He restores lots of old video and arcade games and knows where to get parts.  Tony  - - Anthony S. Pelliccio, kd1nr/ae // Yes, you read it right, the // - system @ garlic.sbs.com // man who went from No-Code // -// (Thhhppptt!) to Extra in // - Flame Retardent Sysadmin // exactly one year! // - - This is a calm .sig! -	2
I think you will find that the Mac SE can PRINT grayscale images, loaded with the proper software. However, the Mac SE cannot DISPLAY grayscale on its screen or any attached video because that ability is not in the ROM.  So, while you might be able to PRINT grayscale, you'd have a hard time SEEING the grayscale image you want to print.  Doug	1
Unless I've got my notes mixed up, 939 F.2d 499 comes close to this. Regular guy. Blue-collar worker at a regular company. Hauled into court. Convicted. Appeals to 7th circuit. Makes all the right arguments (his brief is cited by Mr. Teel as an example of a "winning" brief). Shot down, 3-zip by the 7th circuit. Appeals to the Supreme Court. And...  ...Certiorari denied. Defendant goes to jail. Oh well.	3
Actually detecting a BREAK is done by watching for a "character" containing all zero bits with the framing error resulting from its receipt. This means that the line stayed in the zero bit state even past the stop bit time slot, which basically indicates a BREAK. There is no special way to detect BREAK that I have found other than this - there's no magic signal generated by UARTs, etc.	2
Are there any PDS expansion cards out there that specifically take advantage of the LCIII's 32 bit data path and 25MHz clock speed? If they exist, are they significantly faster than the LC/LCII versions?	1
I was wondering if anyone out there in net-land knew of a SIMPLE way to make a 4-band equalizer (single channel). I need it to accept LINE inputs (tape deck, CD player, etc.) and output to the same! So input impedance should equal output impedance. Also, since I am driving a line, I would need 1 volt p-p output. Final requirement is that I can either:   1. Control it digitally    OR   2. Control it easily, or with few resistors	2
Is anyone out there using a greyscale handscanner. I'm thinking about buying one. Is the inexpensive Logitech pretty good. I don't need super high quality scans- but want it to be worth the $$$$.	1
For all those who are interested and would like to discuss the popular Secret Life..and/or other technical documentaries.. Please email me as i am starting a newsgroup	2
I am in the market for a 24-bit graphics card for a PC (ISA bus), and was wondering if anyone had any comments (good? bad? otherwise?) regarding the Diamond Stealth 24?	0
Hi,  See Roger Grywalski's response to :  Re: Help on network visualization  in comp.graphics.visualization.  Amongst other things, it does exactly this!	0
Of course its possible, I get 1024x768 on my Centris 650. All you need is a correctly wired video cable.  Gary  -	1
Actually, fossil fuel plants run hotter than the usual  boiling-water reactor nuclear plants. (There's a gripe in the industry that nuclear power uses 1900 vintage steam technology). So it's more important in nuclear plants to get the cold end of the system as cold as possible. Hence big cooling towers.    Oil and gas fired steam plants also have condensers, but they usually are sized to get the steam back into hot water, not most of the way down to ambient. Some plants do cool the condensers wi..	2
Does anyone know of software that will allow you to convert CorelDraw (.CDR) files containing bitmaps to SCODAL, as this is the only format our bureau's filmrecorder recognises.	0
I'm thinking about upgrading my 030 50MHz to the 040 33version. Has anyone had any experience with the accelerator, and if so - what do you think? Any problems, what are the speedometer results?, is it much faster than the 50MHz? Basically, I'd appreciate hearing all about this product. Please respond via email, and I'll summarize if there's a big response. thanks in advance, Andrew	1
(1) No explicit (c) is necessary. If it the image is attributed to the Geosphere Company, then there is a likelihood permission is has been given to reprint.  (2) Unlikely that the owner can or will go after individuals. However, "interesting" images do make their way into ads and computer demos. That is when a pirate might get some flak. This image is considered so "interesting" that many people would like to use it whenever some global map is needed, so there is lots of temptation.  (3) One ma..	0
And they're more like 1024x1024x8 charging & discharging capacitors in a DRAM SIMM =-)	1
The Bmw speedo is triggered by a reed switch\magnet assembly in the differential. I would think that this signal would be easy to reproduce.	2
hi guys  like all people in this group i'm a fans of fractal and render sw  my favourite are fractint pov & 3dstudio 2.0   now listen my ideas  i'have just starting now to be able to use 3dstudio quite well  so i'm simulating a full animation of a f1 grand prix  unfortanatly just some lap(10?)  i' m very interested about all kind of .prj .3ds and so on  concerning about cars or parts of its (motors wheel ...)  (dxf are good enough)  does anyone have object to give me to complete my hard animatio..	0
{Jason Haines} said  "what to do with old 256k"  to <All> on 04-15-93 04:38   JH> I was wondering if people had any good uses for old  JH> 256k SIMMs. I have a bunch of them for the Apple Mac  JH> and I know lots of other people do to. I have tried to  JH> sell them but have gotten NO interest.   How about collecting them all together (IE everyones) and  selling them as a lot? The other thing is to give to a  recycler.   JH> So, if you have an inovative use (or want to buy  JH> some SIMMs 8-) ),..	2
You need to add two 256K VRAM SIMMs; 512K VRAM SIMMs will not work in any  of the Quadra or Centris machines. There is already 512K of VRAM soldered  to the logic board. You add the two 256K SIMMs to this to give you a  total of 1 MB.	1
I'm currently having trouble connecting my PB to a true blue (IBM Model 1513) VGA monitor. The display is bearly readable but all the details are seperated into yellow and red colors. ie. a window will have two images one in yellow and a ghost image in red. The background is also a little greenish. I read some time ago, before I ever thought I would hook my mac up to a VGA screen, about an incompatability with some VGA monitors due to the sync on green signal. Does this sound like it could be th..	1
The DayStar PowerCache for the SE/30 replaces the CPU with an accelerated CPU plus the powercache. This leavese the PDS slot open for a video card. Currenty, DayStar does not have the '040 in this configuration, but it is due out early next year. With their upgrade policy, you can get the '030 accelerator now, and when the '040 version becomes available, you get credit for the one you have.   I am running their 50 MHz version with FPU along with a Radius Precision Color Pivot and I'm very satisf..	1
Power lines and airplanes don't mix. In areas where lines are strung very high, or where a lot of crop dusting takes place, or where there is danger of airplanes flying into the lines, they place these plastic balls on the lines so they are easier to spot.	2
There are a couple of ways to look at them. One is, "We want you to support this Constitution, so we'll say anything that we think will appeal to you," or the more straightforward, "This is why we think what we've suggested in this Constitution is a good idea."   You clearly consider the former to be the primary situation.    Well, I know Hamilton was a dyed in the wool monarchist, and  probably the authoritarian extreme to Jefferson's democratic impules. But what would you suggest as a means of..	3
This probably only tells you that the DC blocking capacitor that's in series between the one-chip, single-ended audio amp and the speaker terminal is there.   Open it up and look for the power amp "ICs". They'll be fairly obvious.  Replace the one connected to the dead output.    Well, one thing you should do is poke around the terminals of the power amp chips. Use a probe with a 10M resistor (like a scope probe) connected to the input of a small audio amp w/speaker. If you find line-level input..	2
This doesn't sound right to me. Don't Quadras use the 53C96? If so, the Mac has nothing to do with the SCSI timing. That's all handled by the chip. About the only the timing could be wrong is if Apple programs the clock registers wrong on the 96. That, however, should only really hurt synchronous transfer, which is not used by the Mac SCSI Manager.  Furthermore, disabling blind writes should be meaningless on a Quadra. On Macs that used the 5380, which is a much lower level SCSI chip, the Mac wa..	1
Hi. I'm writing a program to convert .dxf files to a database format used by a 3D graphics program I've written. My program stores the points of a polygon in CCW order. I've used 3D Concepts a  little and it seems that the points are stored in the order they are drawn.  Does the DXF format have a way of indicating which order the  points are stored in, CW or CCW? Its easy enough to convert, but if I don't know which way they are stored, I dont know  which direction the polygon should be visible ..	0
A quick query for Powerbook gurus: Tom Spearman, in a post on alternative Powerbook battery options mentioned that there exist 3 versions of their Powerbook 140-180 batteries: a 2.5 amp hour one (M5545/A), a 2.8 amp hour one, (M5545/B) and a 2.9 amp hour one (M5545/C). Anyone out there know how to determine which of these a battery is? I looked at my battery and there is no obvious exterior indication. I contacted Tom Spearman who had gleaned the information from MacUser and he didn't know eithe..	1
I am glad that you recognize that people should not engage in denial and repression, and should acknowledge such. The United States, with its people, have recognized that repression has taken place, with the loss and outright abrogation of civil liberties and constitutional protections of citizens. This recognition has taken the form of the civil rights law (let's just discuss the federal level for now), such as 18 USC 241 et. seq., 42 USC 1981 et. seq, et. al.  With this recognition of repressi..	3
Hi Folks,   Does anyone have a copy of Playmation they'd be willing to sell me. I'd  love to try it out, but not for the retail $$$. If you have moved onto  something bigger (3DS) or better (Imagine), I'd love to buy your table scraps.   If noone is selling, can anyone recommend a place to buy Playmation  mail-order for cheap?    Thanks in advance,   Mark    -	0
Can anybody recommend a good, application-oriented beginner's reference to RF circuits?   I am pretty good on theory & know what different types of modulation mean,  but don't have a lot of practical experience. A book detailing working circuits of different types (modulation, power, frequency, what is legal, what is not, et cetera), would be very helpful.  Thanks.  - Steve Klinkner AT&T Bell Labs srk@boeing.att.com  att!boeing!srk	2
Yeah, Simon's no rat-bastard, he's the Head Attack Puppy :-)	3
I am looking for some information of hidden line removal using Roberts algorithm. Something with code, or pseudo code would be especially helpful.  I am required to do this for a class, due Monday (we have very little time to implement these changes, it is a VERY FAST paced class). The notes given in class leave a LOT to be desired, so I would vastly appreciate any help.  Actually any algorithm would be nice (Roberts or no). The main problem is two objects intersecting in x and y dimensions, nee..	0
If this question is covered elsewhere, I apologize, but I need information fast.  My department has been given a large sum of money to install a video system on our network of IBM RS6000 workstations. This is not an area in which I have any expertise, so I wonder if anyone out there can offer advice. We would like a system, based either on VHS or 8mm video which will allow one  write video, frame by frame on tape for play-back in real time. It's for visualization of physics problems. Can anyone ..	0
Do they have a history of working in massage parlors, and telling co-workers there that they are prostitutes? Do they frequent truck stop parking lots at 4:00 AM, without ID on any sort?	3
: >The Selective Service Registration should be abolished. To start with, the : >draft is immoral. Whether you agree with that or not, we don't have one now, : >and military experts agree that the quality of the armed forces is superior : >with a volunteer army than with draftees. Finally, the government has us : >on many lists in many computers (the IRS, Social Security Admistration and : >Motor Vehicle Registries to name a few) and it can find us if it needs to. : >Maintaining yet another list..	3
I recommend the book "Adams _v_ Texas", the story of a man (Adams) who was sentenced to death for a crime he didn't commit. Most of the book is the story of the long appeals process, and the problems and delays caused by not being able to introduce new evidence in certain courts.	3
Reasonable doubt dates back to Human Rights. We are now in the time of Civil Rights. Civil Rights are issued by the State with whatever strings attached they choose as the Grantor of said rights. And if that means that  verdicts are determined by the needs of the state rather than by guilt or  innocence in a traditional sense, so be it. Being subjective rather than  objective may make it harder to anticipate what is right, and you may be  sacrificed for being wrong inadvertantly once in a while,..	3
Hello,   I remember running across an ad in the back of Mac[User|World] a few years ago, for a Nubus board that had umpteen SIMM slots, to be used to "recycle your old SIMMs," when you upgraded memory. I don't remember who made this board, and I haven't seen it advertised in any of the latest Mac magazines. It mentioned that it included software to make the SIMMs on the board act like a RAM disk. As someone who has SIMMS  he can't get rid of/use, but hates the waste, this sounds to me like a maj..	1
If the set is direct line powered, try checking the [likely to be there] hybrid regulator module down stream from the 170 volt supply. Several sets I've looked at use a 135 volt regulator. The regulators have a tendency to short out, making the safety circuits shut down the EHT supply section.  Try putting the set on a Variac or adjustable transformer and lower the AC input voltage to the set to about 90 volts. If the set operates nromally, then you know you've got a shorted regulator.  There ar..	2
Hams can legally run up to 1500 watts. It is very unlikely, however, that a ham would be running that kind of power from a car. Ham rigs for cars put out around 100 watts. It is possible that a 100 watt radio would cause interference to consumer electronic 100 feet  away. Most TVs, stereos, and VCRs have very poor RF shielding. If you experience the problem frequently, it may be  caused by a ham, CBer, or other radio operator in a base station nearby. The interference may have been caused by a r..	2
Terry, hi. I recently bought an LCIII and a Datadesk 101E. I can't remember trying to rebuild the desktop with it, however it did give me a strange problem. When I held down shift during startup to disable all extensions, nothing happened. I tried it with another keyboard, using the same adb connector cable- and it worked with the other keyboard. The shift key on the Datadesk keyboard worked well otherwise. I checked the dipswitches and they are fine. Try disabling your extensions and tell me if..	1
# ## Absolutely nothing, seeing as there is no table for heterosexuals. # ## If, as you claim, the supposedly higher promescuity amongst homosexual # ## males makes them an insurance risk, you need to be show that # ## heterosexual males are less promiscuous than homosexual males. # ## Without the data on heterosexual males, we cannot make a comparison # ## between promiscuity rates of heterosexuals and homosexuals. # ##  # ## * mjcugley@maths-and-cs.dundee.ac.uk (world)  * # ## * or mjcugley@uk..	3
^^^ If french is your language, try counting in french in stead, maybe it will work better.... :-)	0
Hallo POV-Renderers ! I've got a BocaX3 Card. Now I try to get POV displaying True Colors while rendering. I've tried most of the options and UNIVESA-Driver but what happens isn't correct. Can anybody help me ?	0
I had the insturment panel go out in my car (a 1990 Lincoln Contenintal) which is a digital dash. They replaced the whole thing with a 1991 dash (thank god it was under the warrenty ! :-) Anyway, the odometer was reading the exact milage from the old panel. It must have a EEPROM of some sort in it that is up-dated. Seems to me that removing the battery would erase it, but it doesn't. So I guess they swapped the NVM chip (non-volitile memory) and installed it in the new dash. No, they wouldn't le..	2
I just bought a select 300 and rushed home to print  some grayscale pictures for my kids, when I discovered that grayscale(and photograde) are not available if you are using an SE...even if you are running with an '030 cpu. You won't see this in the printer's docs, and the Apple rep didn't mention it to our users group either. It seems that SE ROMs won't support those "features". Okay, I  guess I should have somehow known that this was the case. Let the buyer beware, huh Apple?  Be that as it ma..	1
Hi There,  I am trying to find out a reliable Power Center, it is basically a surge protector that sits below the monitor and has individual control for each outlet. Some people have an opinion that none of them work well. The ones that I could locate in Microcenter catalogue were:  Tripp Lite's Isobar Command COnsole ($79)  Proxima Power Director (89.95)  Kensington Masterpiece Plus (109.95)  Has anyone used one of these? Could you please send me your feedback on these?  thanks	1
AllMartin MccormickWhat's Exactly in a Flour  MM>From: martin@datacomm.ucc.okstate.edu (Martin McCormick) MM>Organization: Oklahoma State University, Stillwater, OK MM> What sort of lamp is the little glass bulb found inside the  starter? MM>It sort of reminds me of a NE2 neon lamp. Starters appear open when m MM>with an Ohm meter so the little lamp is either a neon or has a capacit MM>in series with it. MM>  MM> I have seen these things all my life, but never read a really good MM>description o..	2
Wait a minute. I agree with you that people have to take responsibility for their own behavior (I assume that's what you meant by the word "account"), but also for "the behavior of their immediate community"?  First of all, how "immediate" are you talking about, and secondly, I have a lot of trouble with any theory of social behavior or justice which charges anyone with the duty of taking responsibility for or accounting for the actions of a different person...	3
In NY City, the number to dial is 958... It seems to be different in different areas.	2
I've got two lines coming into my apartment. Two different telephone numbers. When I ordered the second line installed, instead of bringing out another 4 wire bundle, the telco just connected up to my yellow and black wires. So I have one line on red & green and the other on yellow & black.  Today I was monitoring the voltage on both lines. I had a voltmeter across the red and green and read back 52 volts. I then lifted up the receiver on my second line.(black & yellow wires) The voltage dropped..	2
The trackbal on my PB140 no longer moves in the horizontal direction. When I called the nearest Authorized Apple Service person I was told that it probably needed replacing and that would cost me over $150! Ouch!  Can anyone recommend a less expensive way to fix this problem? One strange symptom of the problem is that when I take the ball out of the socket and shine a light into the hole I can make the cursor move horizontally by moving the wheel with my finger, it works fine that way but won't ..	1
Could someone please e-mail or post a cheap source for ink carts for the HP Deskwriter? Original HP carts are preferred, but I will settle for third-party brands if they are of good quality.  +-+   /_\ \_ |  | | TTTTTT EEEEE VV VV EEEEE |  | | TT EE VV VV EE |  /-/ | TT EEEE VV VV EEEE | Steve Liu |	1
I have noticed this exact same phenomenon occurs with my LCIII. Perhaps it is a quirk of the new machines?	1
To use the grayscale features, I believe you need a Mac equipped with colour quickdraw. I was told this somewhere or other, but it's not mentioned in "Apple Facts" (guide for apple sellers), in the press release or in the technical specs.	1
Does ANYONE out there in Net-land have any information on the Cobra 2.20  card? The sticker on the end of the card reads  Model: Cobra 1-B-1  Bios: Cobra v2.20  I Havn't been able to find anything about it from anyone! If you have  any information on how to get a hold of the company which produces the  card or know where any drivers are for it, PLEASE let me know!  As far as I can tell, it's a CGA card that is taking up 2 of my 16-bit  ISA slots but when I enable the test patterns, it displays m..	0
I have tested this on a 230 and it does work there. So it would seem that the 140 and 170 are out though. One way to tell is to go and open the PowerBook control panel(7.1). There is a setting there that allows you to set the time to wake up the Mac. If it is present when you open the control panel, then you can assume that SetWUTime will work.	1
I've been thinking of sending into Mad magazine an idea for a  parody, of those books entitled "How Things Work" that engineers buy their sons, which explain how engines, elevators, flourescent lights, etc. work.  The parody would be "How Things Really Work." Under "Canned Food", on the left page you'd see the description from  "How Things Work": gleaming stainless steel equipment pasteurizing the food to precisely the right temperature, then sealing the can in an oxygen-free environment, etc.  ..	2
I don't believe in the "Wave Theory".    My mother-in-law, who grew up in Germany, doesn't believe in  money at all. She started out as a real estate developer, and now raises horses. She keeps telling me that inflation is coming back, and to lock in my fixed rate mortgage as low as possible.    Maybe you'd like to invest in some foreign currency.   Which one would you guess to come out on top ?   (Sigh - speculators never learn.)    Bill R.  -	3
I spoke with the author of MacWireFrame earlier today. The cost is $299, but there  are no license royalties. His name is Eric Johnson in Sacramento, CA phone  916/737-1550. He doesn't have email. Very nice guy... very knowledgeable about  graphics. Seems like he may have a decent package. It's an Object Pascal Framework  that supposedly has a fairly complete set of geometry creation classes.   I'm going to check it out and see if it's got what I need for my CAD package.   I also found another p..	0
gnuplot, etc. make it easy to plot real valued functions of 2 variables but I want to plot functions whose values are 2-vectors. I have been  doing this by plotting arrays of arrows (complete with arrowheads) but before going further, I thought I would ask whether someone has already done the work. Any pointers??  thanx in advance	0
I was wondering if anyone knows of a chip that that is similar to the internal timer 0 on the Intel 80C188? I want a timer that has a Maxcount A and B and the output should the same as Intel's timer. I called Intel and they told me that they don't make such a chip. Any suggestions are welcome. Thanks in advance.	2
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary   For Immediate Release March 14, 1993    PUBLIC EVENTS ON THE PRESIDENT'S SCHEDULE FOR  THURSDAY, APRIL 15, 1993      10:20 am EST The President meets with Leadership of Law     enforcement organizations - The Rose     Garden                OPEN PRESS   3:00 AM EDT The President meets with the National       Ambassador for the March of Dimes Birth       Defects Foundation - The Oval Office            TV POOL, OPEN STILL PHOTO, WRITING POOL    3:15..	3
Please , I need the starting address (pointer) for the beginning  of the color information (RGB) on VGA mode 68h (that's 68 hex, gee,  duh!)...  Thanks SOOOO much (hugs and kisses) in advance.....	0
No, no, no! Bill, please, don't nominate ANYone who pronounces it "noo-q-lar"! Jimmy always used to drive everyone nuts when he did that!  And don't let Amy anywhere near! And...   {Emily Litella voice}  ...never mind.  - - - - - - - - - - -   Paul Havemann (Internet: paul@hsh.com)	3
Tell that to the Japanese, their local market is neatly protected by the Japanese government. Its one very tough nut to crack. In fact the only current way to break into it, is to do it with a Japanese company as a partner in the venture.   Gary  -	1
=  GASPRA ANIMATION  March 12, 1993  =   The Gaspra animation is now available at the Ames Space Archives in  QuickTime format. The animation was formed from 11 images taken by the  Galileo spaecraft shortly before its closest approach to the asteroid in  October 1991. The animation is available using anonymous ftp to:	0
Fine. Libertarians and anarchists are not alone in being uncomfortable with the use of state sponsored coercion. The notion that coercion can be virtually eliminated in a society (or more properly that once it is eliminated on the part of the state it is no longer worth serious  consideration) is a view that is peculiar to libertarians and anarchists.   For example, does "non-initiated force" (coercion) include tax collection? Does it include the minimal level of regulation of commerce envisione..	3
I have a thermal fuse from a Apple Laserwriter II power supply (Made by Cannon) that I need to replace. The fuse is not the standard tubular thermal fuse like those found in hair driers etc, but is a  rectangular plastic package, much like a transistor or diode. It is about 0.2"x0.2"x0.1", with both leads coming out of one of the 0.1"x0.1" sides. I have been told that it was made by MITI, a asian company, but I can find no information as to a supplier. This fuse is rated at 1A, 130C. Does anyone..	2
There is no need to include the VAT from previous levels because the VAT is a "difference" tax...if the VAT is X%, than the amount of tax the government receives through all the levels is X% of the purchase price of the end consumer. At the intervening levels, only the difference between the VAT paid out and the VAT received is remitted to the government.   A VAT is infinitely preferable to a retail sails tax...	3
A SIMM is a small PCB with DRAM chips soldered on.  -maarten	1
I am trying to convert an m-motion (IBM) video file format YUV to RGB  data...  THE Y portion is a byte from 0-255 THE V is a byte -127-127 THe color is U and V and the intensity is Y  DOes anyone have any ideas for algorhtyms or programs ?  Can someone tell me where to get info on the U and V of a television signal ?  IF you need more info reply at the e-mail address... Basically what I am doing is converting a digital NTSC format to RGB (VGA) for displaying captured video pictures.  Thanks.	0
OK, I should have said "former" enemy. I was being sarcastic about what interventionists want to do.   Could we back him without forcing others to back him at the point of a gun?  Have you considered a non-interventionist policy? If market reform does happen, Russia will certainly get *private* capital at *private* risk to help their economy. They will even have incentive to do so for the same reason. If they don't reform, then our government will probably consider them enemies anyway and rather..	3
Just a thought........Maybe it possibly has to do with the fact that it IS an Emerson. I've got an Emerson VCR which is #6 in the series. Returned it six times for various and never the same problems. Got tired of taking it  back and fixed it myself. The Hi-Fi "window" was a bit off. Something like the Hi-Fi audio fine-tuning. When I was a Wal-Mart "associate" in '88-'89, we had AT LEAST one returned as defective EVERY SINGLE DAY. How's that for reliability? Face it-Emerson can make audio stuff ..	2
This is a very good point. One that I have held for sometime. We do not allow people to develop on the paths that they choose or desire. Even with heterosexuals we tend to leave some hanging in the sense of knowledge and information about sexuality and relationships.  It is very difficult for a young person to develop and build a positive view of themself when they are constantly being told implicitly and explicitly that they are wrong and immoral.	3
this is a test	1
Even the 68000 can fetch two bytes at a time.  The new instruction in the 68040 is MOVE16 which fetches 16 bytes at a time instead of 4 which the 68030 has; that means 4 24bit pixels instead of one.  Cheers,       / h+ -   - Jon W{tte, h+@nada.kth.se, Mac Hacker Deluxe -	1
I certainly do use it whenever I have to do TIFF, and it usually works very well. That's not my point. I'm >philosophically< opposed to it because of its complexity.  This complexity has led to some programs' poor TIFF writers making some very bizarre files, other programs' inability to load TIFF images (though they'll save them, of course), and a general inability to interchange images between different environments despite the fact they all think they understand TIFF.  As the saying goes, "It'..	0
The Toshiba has a 200ms access time, the NEC has a 280ms access time, right around the Sony/Apple. Access time is, of course, somewhat important, but not as vital in the case of CDs as data transfer rate.  All the drives are double-speed drives with maximum data transfer rates of 300K/second. Any is a good choice. Apple's is very cheap when included with new Macs and I agree with Christian's comment about drivers.  Plus, Apple's is bootable on the Centris and Quadra 800. A very nice feature if y..	1
Clinton has backed off from the $16 billion jobs bill.   Word is he's paring it down to the core: jobless benefits, money for creating full time jobs (ie, no summer jobs money).   Chalk one up for holding the line on spending.	3
Organization: "A World of Information at your Fingertips" Keywords:     Craig,  You should still consider the Targa+. I run windows 3.1 on it all the time at work and it works fine. I think all you need is the right driver.	0
Actually, it's HAPP, and some of their equipment can be found in the  Parts Express catalog (1-800-338-0531). They show switches for $2, joysticks for $13 and trackballs for $80. They also have pinball parts.  Good luck.	2
I've read about more than a few of these programs that ran into problems in convincing parents to get their children immunized even when they were delivered to their doorstep. (I don't know, maybe that sheet they have to be informed of about possible risks, side- effects, and bad reactions scares them.)	3
Doesn't Motorola AMCU have something on the BBS yet? (512-891-3733)	2
I write:     and a (You've hardware The the set same programs programs forget having   After comparing the above strings with my AT commands reference guide, I came up with: ATZ0L2N2X5&D0S11=50^M This is entered in the 'Initialize' box on the 'Modem Preferences' in Zterm. Quick summary of each commmand: Z0 - Reset modem to User Profile 0. L2 - Speaker volume at 2 (fairly quiet) N2 - Ring volume at 2 (fairly quiet) X5 - Display connect info according to setting 5 (see manual) &D0 - Assume DTR (co..	1
AllMartin EmdeDMM Advice Needed  ME>From: mce5921@bcstec.ca.boeing.com (Martin Emde) ME>Organization: Boeing ME>  ME>I an currely in the market for a DMM and recently saw an add ME>for a Kelvin 94 ($199). Does anyone own one of these or some ME>other brand that they are extremely happy with. How do the  ME>small name brands compare with the Fluke and Beckman brands? ME>I am willing to spend _$200 for one. ME>  ME>Any help is greatly appreciated. (please email) ME>  ME>-Martin  If you are going t..	2
:  : > [...] You're not breathing clean air provided by government : > regulations, [...] :  : If this doesn't beat all I ever heard! The above certainly says a : mouthful about the mindset of Ted Frank, and also of statists : everywhere. : -  Yes, there's certainly no need to argue with him, or address the substance of what he says- he's a statist, after all. Probably  politically correct, too...	3
First, thanks to all who replied to my original question.	0
is it possible to fit an FPU in a mac SE? (not a SE/30, but the plain old SE); if possible, would I get any speed increase? what would be the reference of the chip?  thanks in advance,	1
First off: Thanks to all who have filled me in on the existence of the 68070. I assumed rashly that the particular number would be reserved for further enhancements to the Motorola line, rather than meted out to another company. Ah, well, I guess that's what I get when I assume the computer industry will operate in a logical manner! ;-)  a spot  Version 1.5 of Quicktime is, as has been stated, the current version of the software. The older version is 1.0, and 1.6 is on the horizon in the not too..	0
I have the need for displaying 2 1/2 D surfaces under X, using only Xlib, Xt and Xm. Does anyone know of a package, available on internet, which will be able to do the work?   I am looking for a STAND-ALONE package providing similar functions to "xprism3" available with Khoros, but without the numerous libraries required for it. I want to be able to recompile it and run it on various platforms, from SGIs to i486s (UNIX).   Any help will be appreciated.	0
Hi,   the subject says it all. Is there a PD viewer for gl files (for X)?  Thanks	0
Gremilins have attacked my keyboard and the correction to my followup on audio relays got fouled up.  Varying lamp resistance, should read, "Varying lamp voltage" -  73, Tom = Tom Wagner, Audio Visual Technician. Malaspina College Nanaimo British Columbia (604)753-3245, Loc 2230 Fax:755-8742 Callsign:VE7GDA Weapon:.45 Kentucky Rifle Snail mail to: Site Q4, C2. RR#4, Nanaimo, British Columbia, Canada, V9R 5X9	2
Ok boys and girls,  "What was the 'Ogadan War'????"  The Money Raised in Band-Aid covered How Much of the Cost of Which Soviet Client State to replace what catagory of weapon system lost in the aforementioned war?  Why was the Joke: "We arm the World." Really Not that funny?  Gonzo Station is the designation for WHICH USN Op Area? and the primary threat targets in the Area Were:.....  ciao drieux	3
TO: saz@hook.corp.mot.com   SZ>Does anybody know of a program that converts .GIF files to .BMP files SZ>and if so, where can I ftp it from? Any help would be greatly SZ>appreciated.   Sure... A GREAT shareware program is Graphic Workshop (the newest  version is 6.1). Although I don't know where you can ftp it from. It  also converts to about 15 other formats, and does MANY other things.  ....r.c V.t.ell. .r...	0
Does anyone know if there are any devices available for the Mac which will increase the number of serial ports available for use simultaneously? I would like to connect up to 8 serial devices to my Mac for an application I am working on. I must be able to access each one of the independently.  If such a device exists, are there are any limits to the number of serial devices I can use?  Any information is appreciated.	1
: First off they could recognise Iraqu's responsibility in initiating the : Iran/Iraq war. Providing technical assistance to Iran to get it's oil : production back up to capacity would also be a smart move, at the moment  : Iran is above it's OPEC ceiling. If they had extra capacity they would : use it and bring down the oild price further which is in our interests.  I agree with most of what Phill says, except the point about it being in our interests to bring down the oil price. Consider that ..	3
I notice you did not offer an alternative number. Try this one on for size..... by the year 2000, American taxpayers will have given Israel one dollar for every star in the Milky Way Galaxy.	3
I doubt this is a Quadra-specific problem. I had to get rid of my "venerable" Bernoulli 20 last year (with enough  cartridges purchased at _$90 each to make the whole thing  worth more than my whole computer ;). The tech support guys at Ocean Microsystems suggested that some third-party drivers  might fix the problem - in my case the cartridges wouldn't  format/mount/partition for A/UX.	1
tes: . s.  Or mug me.  Why must you pursue this fantasy that all crime is derived from "underground  economies".   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Haaahaaaahaaaa   Yeah buddy, this happens all the time. Tell me, HAS IT EVERY REALLY HAPPENED  TO YOU? That's what I thought.   Your foolish.   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Must I ask again, what part?   All I ask is that drugs stay illegal. I don't think it's too much to ask.	3
Is there a fix for this? We have a Quadra 900 that will NOT finish startup unless there is a monitor connected. This would be no problem, but since we're running it as a file server, there is no need to have a monitor connected all the time.	1
with model toward	1
: Could someone direct me to information on SCSI performance for each Mac? : (Max throughput, etc.)  Max thruput on a Centris or Quadra is about 3.3 MB/sec. Max thruput on IIci or IIfx or equivalent is about 1.4 MB/Sec Max thruput on slower machines is slower.	1
: > This is not a new idea. At least 10 years ago I got this little gadget with : > a keyboard on the back and 8 LED's in a vertical row on the front. It has a : > long handle and when you wave it in the air it "writes" the message you typed : > on the keyboard in the air.  :  : This is not news. In fact it's where I got the idea from, since it was : such a neat item. Mattell made it, I believe, modeled after a "space  : saber" or "light sword" or something likewise theme-y. My addition was  : u..	2
Getting an image from a computer monitor to a videotape is harder than it looks. The standard VGA and EGA outputs are  very different than the NTSC format used by televisions. While there is equipment that will do the conversion, it is hard to get your hands on and costs quite a bit.   If you have access to an Amiga computer, that has an NTSC output, you can transfer certain types of graphic files by modem and tape them from the NTSC output. Unfortunately, this would be frame-by-frame and would ..	0
I have a Fujitsu M2322K which has been removed (I believe) from a digital X-Ray machine (takes X-Ray pictures without film). The Fujitsu part number is B03B-4745-B002A.  I have obtained some data on the device, it is 8-inch winchester-type of 168 megabyte capacity (though I was told it was over 800 megabytes). However, there is very little information on the interface standard used. It appears to use two balanced-line connections, but what each connection corresponds to I know not. One connectio..	2
# # "Abortions destructive of the fetus must be permitted, even # # just before birth, if they promote what the [Supreme] Court # # calls ``health'' #  # Yes, Doug, we all know that Roe v. Wade prevents states from prohibiting # abortions necessary to preserve the life or health of the woman. Only # very stupid people (such as yourself) confuse a discussion of mental health # related to "Jane Doe", who was in a mental institution, and attempt to claim # that this same argument could be applied t..	3
Agreed. We need more folks to admit they're bi.  -  Michael D. Adams (starowl@a2i.rahul.net)  Champaign, IL / southeast AL	3
I used the information provided in the recent resource listings and tried to ftp to:  ccu1.aukland.ac.nz [130.216.1.5]: ftp/mac/architec - *VISION-3D facet  and received an 'unknown host' message.  mail to Paul D. Bourke (pdbourke@ccu1.aukland.ac.nz) bounces with basically the same problem.  Where'd he go????  Rick	0
From: push@media.mit.edu (Pushpinder Singh) Subject: re: Centris 610 Video Problem - I'm having it also! Date: Sat, 17 Apr 1993 03:17:45 GMT   etc.	1
Obviously the police officer reads the speedometer. I cannot believe the nit-picking in this group. There's 2 beams, there is not, is too, etc....	2
I am trying to build a circuit that detects the presence of video (Vs. a blank screen) by monitoring the R,G, and B outputs of a graphics card. It should be able to detect the presence of a single pixel at 65 MHz, which would mean detecting a 15 NS pulse. It should also be able to tell the difference between a blank screen (about 300 mv) and a dim screen (say, around 310 mv). Oh yes, it also needs to be cheap.   My first circuit was a dismal failure. I used 3 compariators; each compariator had t..	2
yxy4145@usl.edu Thanks a lot.	2
terminated  It is very possible to connect another internal hard disk in any macintosh if you can find the space to put it. I have a IIsi that came with a Quantum 80 meg drive. When I ran into space problems, I slapped in another 40 meg quantum that I had sitting on a shelf. Here is what I did.   First off, I was concerned about space. Since both drives are Quantum quarter height drives, I finally decided that the logical place for them was stacked one upon the other. Fine, they fit snugly. (I h..	1
Please Ineed information about desk top publishe- post graduate courses and if possible email address or normal mail. thanks in advance	0
SECRET PURPOSE OF FALKLANDS WAR; [with IN-VISIBILITY Technology]  Dr. Beter AUDIO LETTER #74 of 80  Digitized by Jon Volkoff, mail address eidetics@cerf.net  "AUDIO LETTER(R)" is a registered trademark of Audio Books, Inc., a Texas corporation, which originally produced this tape recording. Reproduced under open license granted by Audio Books, Inc.  -  This is the Dr. Beter AUDIO LETTER(R), 1629 K St. NW, Washington, DC 20006.   Hello, my friends, this is Dr. Beter. Today is April 30, 1982, and ..	3
I've got an old demo disk that I need to view. It was made using RIX Softworks.  The files on the two diskette set end with: .scf  The demo was VGA resolution (256 colors), but I don't know the spatial  resolution.  First problem: When I try to run the demo, the screen has two black bars that  cut across (horizontally) the screen, in the top third and bottom third of the  screen. The bars are about 1-inch wide. Other than this, the demo (the  animation part) seems to be running fine.  Second pro..	0
Regarding the post for information about the Mac Portable and the  Powerbook 100, here are a couple of the answers: (1) Does the Mac Portable support Appletalk? Yes (2) What CPU is in the Mac Portable? A low power version of the 68000  running at 15.87 Mhz. (3) Does the Mac Portable run system 7? Yes, although it does use up a  lot of memory. (4) Is memory still availabe for the Portable? There are several vendors  that still make RAM for the Portable. There are two options: Some vendors  sell m..	1
Of course, one again faces the question of how one circumscribes government power (and keeps it circumscribed) in a complex society when it is in the  interest of neither capitalists nor consumers to refrain from using  government power for their own ends. But apart from that little  conundrum...  It would seem that a society with a "failed" government would be an ideal setting for libertarian ideals to be implemented. Now why do you suppose that never seems to occur?...  I wouldn't call it "vag..	3
Well, a student body president can't exactly campaign on the stand that he's "tough on crime". Their job is to listen to what people want and fund things that make sense.  Condoms and marijuana aren't exactly the worst things to have available either...	3
Does one exist, who makes it, and how much? Thanks:)	1
[In response to a report by CBN News correspondent Ken Lormond about a meeting between Slick Willie and homosexual activists:]  Lormond: "But Clinton will not be attending a rally by homosexuals in Washington later this month. He will instead be out of town, on a retreat with Senate Democrats."  Robertson: "Yeah, he'd better retreat." [Laughter, followed by sustained applause]  [Later, in a report by correspondent Deborah Whitsen on the fizzling boycott instigated by homosexuals against Colorado..	3
The 68070 _does_ exist. It's number was licensed to Philips to make their own variant. This chip includes extra featurfes such as more I/O ports,  I2C bus... making it more microcontroller like.	0
You still need to supply a proper ground for a Ground Fault Circuit Interrupter! So rewiring is still a part of this job, however, the ground may be connected to a local earth ground, rather than back at the breaker box.  As Jamie said, GFCI devices are required by code in a number of places, most notably: bathrooms, and outside the house. I do suggest the use of GFCI outlets, rather than the breakers. You will end up with much less headaches. Noise pickup in long cable runs is sometimes enough ..	2
Yes, and of course the Kinsey Report taken 50 years ago in much more liberal  times regarding homosexuality.........   Or smart enough to realize that that argument would have to apply to every  survey regarding homosexuality. Therefore, they would look stupid. (Actually,  Idid see Bryant Gumble bring that point up. Hee, hee).	3
I would suggest Draw for Windows (by Micrografx). I have this on my home box. Its quite impressive and only cost UKL100. It has a rather nice clip-art library facility which you can expand with your own drawings. There is no circuit component clip-art included, but you could add your own quite easily.  It works with any Windows printer driver of course, and can also export embedded postscript and PCX files.  Note: I am not connected with Micrografx in any way.  Paul.	2
Those areas became states.  Puerto Rico has the population needed to become a state. But the ethnic mix there is such that Puerto Rico will probably never become a state.  I say we cut them loose. If they don't want to become a state, we shouldn't continue to subsidize their existence.	3
It is also widely stated (in non-mainstream sources) that the CIA had a large part in the overthrow of the popular (and popularly-elected) left-leaning Premier Mossadegh in 1953. Is this widely recognized outside the U.S.? (I have never seen it mentioned at all in mainstream U.S. media.) How about within Iran?	3
Hi  I am looking for Image Analysis software running in DOS or Windows. I'd like  to be able to analyze TIFF or similar files to generate histograms of  patterns, etc.   Any help would be appreciated!  _	0
Hi again,  Many thanks to all the people who responded to my request for a MS- Windows screen grabber. It proves to me AGAIN that the net is a  wonderful thing. :-)  So, in summary:  There are two choices:  1) Various screen grabber packages (Corel Draw has one, there are a couple on simtel and cica).  2) Use the built-in PrintScreen and Alt-PrintScreen functionality to paste the screen (or window) to the clipboard. Then paste the  clipboard to your application. Cool!  Again, thanks for the info..	0
The rule for the designations is that if it says MC, that means it works *exactly* the way the datasheet/book specifies. If it says XC, that means there is at least one known bug. Often these bugs are small and obscure; you might never run into them in practice.  At least Motorola admits it, unlike certain other companies...	2
One week to the Robot Olympic games. Fire up the mechanoids for combat and come on down.  Competitors please note that there has been a slight change; the registration desk will now be in the forward building of the Science Centre rather than in the main competing hall. When you arrive, please go to this desk. Those that have pre-registered by real-mail will find badges waiting.  Is all. See you here.	2
Wasn't the beef with the English over "taxation WITHOUT REPRESENTATION", not taxation itself?   From my admittedly dim recollection of US history, most of the problems  we Americans have had with taxes have been with unfair/unjust taxation schemes, not with taxes themselves. It's pretty hard to run a government without any means of support.  - ...Dale Cook "Any town having more churches than bars has a serious  social problem." -Edward Abbey The opinions are mine only (i.e., they are NOT my empl..	3
An added advantate of waiting for the DayStar for the SE/30 is that, just as with the '030 power cache, the '040 accelerator will plug into the CPU socket, leaving the PDS slot free for a video card or ethernet card. With DayStar's upgrade path, it's a no lose situation.  -  Earl D. Fife | Department of Mathematics fife@calvin.edu | Calvin College (616)957-6403 | Grand Rapids, MI 49546	1
Could someone please do one of the following: 1. Point to an init that allows me to turn off power management on my  Duo 210. 1. Write an init that would allow me to turn off ALL power management on  Duo 210. 2. Point me to documentation on power management so that I can write such  an init. 3. Explain to me why such an init is totally or partially impossible.  Ideally, of course, I would like to be able to turn in on and off on the fly.  Surely such an init would be very helpful to Powerbook ow..	1
: Concerning the proposed newsgroup split, I personally am not in favor of : doing this. I learn an awful lot about all aspects of graphics by reading : this group, from code to hardware to algorithms. I just think making 5 : different groups out of this is a wate, and will only result in a few posts : a week per group. I kind of like the convenience of having one big forum : for discussing all aspects of graphics. Anyone else feel this way? : Just curious. :  :  : Daemon :   Yes. I also like kn..	0
Can I suggest the University of Western Australia in Perth. The weathers great, the people are great and our Electronic Engineering department is great. I am a first year student here ... so I don't know much about what projects but I do know they have a good reputation in the fields of dsp and communications. Ever heard of QPSX? The people who own are ex-UWA ... so that gives an indication of what the department is like.  For more information email: yianni@swanee.ee.uwa.edu.au with the above re..	2
I am looking for a WINDOW 3.1 driver for   Cornerstone DualPage (Cornerstone Technology, Inc)  video card. Does anybody know, that has these? Is there one?  Thanks for any info,  To_nis	0
In order of your questions, I oppose it, I oppose it, I oppose it and (Huh? Wha? Where did _that_ topic come from and what's it got to do with the discussion at hand? :-)  When I was discussing the concept of different criminal laws for crimes against different classes of people (and yes, I do consider laws which allow/mandate enhanced penalties following conviction based upon the convict's attitudes towards the class membership of the victim to fit into that category), the category of classes I..	3
Ask me whether I'm surprised that you haven't managed to waddle out of college after all this time.	3
Where I live, I use BCTEL. The number to dial is 211 for the same result.	2
I was looking at the amps diagram for Sony 1090/2090 receivers, and I was amazed to find a difference between the US and Canadian model on the capacitor(s) that hangs off the output to the speakers:   -\/\/\- to speaker (identical both models from amp -| (idnetical both models) >  < 10   >  |  -   | |   0.022 - - Canadian model only!  US model - - 0.047   and world-wide | |  model only. | - Candian model only!  | - 0.047  | |  - gound  The board itself is also identical, with room for all three ..	2
Since the actual verdicts were not known by the authorities, it was smart not to allow "Friday night for fighting" (sorry, Elton) and to seal them for this morning. Also, it allows for maximum daylight to wear down and frustrate any potential troublemakers, as well as give more preparation time.   Are you a local news intern? (-;   Actually, that was 8 PM 'cos it was shown live on our 11 PM news and cut into CNN's 11 O'clock Sports (sorry, but I didn't watch the Devils-Islanders game! No SportsC..	3
>With that in mind...  I just recently purchased the GCC BLP Elite and I really like it. My needs are much the same as what you describe. In addition, I wanted to get one that I could access via AppleTalk, so that eliminated the new line of inexpensive  printers from Apple. The print quality is good to excellent based on what  font you're using and what paper you use. I'm still experimenting with  different papers, but a medium grade laser printer paper seems to work fine.  Printing envelopes, t..	1
I want to convert a 500 Volt sinewave with frequency between 1 kHz and 10 kHz, to a 10 Volt sinewave with the same frequency, by means of a transformer. The secondary current will be .6 A (600 mA).  What kind of transformer should I use (ferrite?) Can I buy one? If so, I need a partnumber and supplier If I cannot buy one, how do I go about winding one myself? What core do I use, how big must it be in order not to saturate, what thickness copper wire, how many turns, etc.?  I know little about an..	2
Actually the most flexible way to create temp files is to check for a TEMP or TMP environment variable and create the files on the drive and directory pointedto by the variable. This is pretty much a standard for DOS, Windows and OS/2 applications.   -  What I have to say is my own opinion and has no bearing on any other person or organization including my employer.	0
Hello, I purchased my new 486 with a NoName graphics card installed which is obviously  Speedstar 24 compatible. Its name is "VGA 4000 TrueColor". It is accompanied with some drivers and the utilities VMODE, XMODE and at least one more MODE, as well as some drivers for Lotus, Windows, etc. Only one of the drivers is told to provide the TrueColor mode, namely the Windows 3.1 driver. Nowhere else, except in the ad, is any pointer to the TrueColor mode. Some articles in this group about the Speedst..	0
Yes, I want to concentrate on other development issues - I've created graphics  libraries before, it's too time consuming... life's too short!    Thanks for the clarification... Before posting my original request I had looked  into the Mac's 3D capabilities and dismissed them as low grade.	0
Title says it all. I'd be particularly interested in the performance difference. Just how much faster (50%?) is the Centris 610 over the LCIII?  -Tom	1
It's really not that hard to do. There are books out there which explain everything, and the basic 3D functions, translation, rotation, shading, and hidden line removal are pretty easy. I wrote a program in a few weeks witht he help of a book, and would be happy to give you my source.  Also, Quickdraw has a lot of 3D functions built in, and Think pascal can access them, and I would expect that THINK C could as well. If you can find out how to use the Quickdraw graphics library, it would be an ex..	0
While I don't mean to damn Henrik's attempt to be helpful here, he's using a common misconception that should be corrected.   Mach banding will occur for any image. It is not the color quantization you see when you don't have enough bits. It is the human eye's response to transitions or edges between intensities. The result is that colors near the transistion look brighter on the brighter side and darker on the darker side.  -Andre	0
Check out Xicor's new goodie in the April 12th edition of EETimes X88C64 - an 8k * 8 E2PROM with built in latch AND bootloader setup. You hook it directly to your '51, power it up, the prom initialises the serial port on the '51, you load in your code via RXD, this gets blatted onto the E2PROM, then you reset and run - i'm sure Dallas also does something like this too, i suppose it would boil down to relative prices, and the Dallas part freeing up P0 & P2 completely. I wonder if ANYONE has ever ..	2
Judging from past experience (the '87 March, a Peace and Justice March the  same year, and 3 different Pro-coice Marches), The Park Service will come out with an estimate that is approximately 1/2 the estimate that organizers will come up with - though the last Choice march I went to had a sign-in system,  and the numbers ended up closer. And then you've got the media types in their helicopters, rolling dice.  I believe the MOW plans and handing out some sort of wristband thingy, and  basing the..	3
would there be any problems with hooking up a Toshiba 3401 external CD-ROM drive to a 700?   Ron	1
I know that Jet Inc makes refills for the Stylewriter and Deskwriter ink jet cartridges in several colors....but are pre-filled cartridges in color available from anyone (or do I have to use-up one cartridge  before I have a chance to print in color?)  Also, are inks in process colors (cyan, magenta, yellow) available to refill cartridges?	1
And not only that, made a second clone from the same tissue sample after that of said domineering wife, to run at the helm of the more-pro-business party under guise of more free trade ... and she did inhale, many times, to boot ...  (-; (-; (-;   gld	3
Have you checked out Adobe Illustrator? There are a few Unix versions for it available, depending on your platform. I know of two Unix versions: One for Mach (NeXT) and for Irix (SGI). There may be others, such as for Sun SparcStation, but I don't know for sure.  ttyl,	0
Try the folks at Dimolex Corp., La Crescenta, CA 91214. Their number is (818) 957-7001. They make membrane keypads that are very flat, in layouts from 2 to 128 keys. They have standard models, tactile models (with stainless domes under each key to make a 'click' you can feel), as well as backlit models. Some of them can even be cut with scissors to form a funky shape other than a rectangle. Many of the models are available in a 'kit' which includes a bezel, colored and plain key covers, and rub ..	2
Apparently, my editor didn't do what I wanted it to do, so I'll try again.  i'm looking for any programs or code to do simple animation and/or drawing using fractals in TurboPascal for an IBM  Thanks in advance	0
I live in the San Francisco Bay Area, and word has it that something similar is on its way here. Since we apparently don't have the sensor base you folks have, they're installing cameras at strategic points along the freeways (initial tests are going to be in the Santa Clara area I'm told), with the video being piped into a command center they're building somewhere in the East Bay. I'm not sure if frame grabbers or cheap labor will be used to interpret the data, but large multi-colored status di..	2
Yes, E-Machines makes two mini-docks-the Powerlink Presente and the PowerLink DeskNet. The Presenter offers a variety of video-out options,  including NTSC, RGB and SVGA. It also has sound out, floppy drive port and a power port. Unfortunately no SCSI port and it blocks the serial port.  The DeskNet has the standard ports plus built-in EtherNet. Alas, none of these have an FPU.  In the future, RasterOps is putting out a mini-dock, but the name escapes me now. It is supposed to support 16-bit col..	1
Keywords:	0
Apple does not authorise sales through Mail Order. As a result mail order companies have to obtain their machines by the grey market.  This market is supplied with machines from authorised resellers who have more machines than they can sell. They come into this state of affairs by overordering either accidentally or deliberatly to get a better wholsale price from Apple. In either case they often obscure the serial nunber to protect their identity. As a result the warranty is void.  You may save ..	1
Does anyone know how to convert a targa or similar 24 bit picture into a list  of R G B values and then convert back to targa after doing operations on the p ixels R G B codes. ex. Targa ->000100255pixel 1 001200201pixel 2etc.... If no one can help me with this could someone explain how the 24 bit data is st ored in the targa file and also how its stored in the 8 bit targas. Thanks	0
A fair number of brave souls who upgraded their SI clock oscillator have shared their experiences for this poll. Please send a brief message detailing your experiences with the procedure. Top speed attained, CPU rated speed, add on cards and adapters, heat sinks, hour of usage per day, floppy disk functionality with 800 and 1.4 m floppies are especially requested.  I will be summarizing in the next two days, so please add to the network knowledge base if you have done the clock upgrade and haven..	1
There is a library of map projections in:   charon.er.usgs.gov  in	0
As quoted from <c115184.734895755@assn119> by c115184@cs.UAlberta.CA (Merth Eric William):   What you fail to see is that in order to make a nightmarish stew of psychosis and repression, you have to break a few eggs. You the evil productive  elements in society, are those eggs....  Damn the spirit, full speed ahead....	3
Nope. I'm pretty sure that this person knows how to take the ball out. I think that what they want to do is take the mouse apart. The old mouse had four screws on the bottom that you could unscrew to do this, while there's no obvious way to take the new one apart.	1
Since we are talking in theory and opinion, then I'll put in my $.02.  First, a rebuttle. Personally, I love under-dogs. Unlike  bandwagon jumpers, I abandon teams when they start winning. People that cheer for winners just because they are winners are insecure people who are afraid to be associated with something negative.   On this one point, I agree. The reason that people bash WASP's is  because they have been on top for a long time. Whoever is on top is going to oppress whoever is below the..	3
Forgive me if this has been asked before... but here goes:  My friend recently purchased a LC III and he wants to know if there is such a demon called NuBus adapter for his PDS slot? CompUsa and ComputerCity Supercenter says they don't carry them.  Does this mean LC III is incapable of carrying a NuBus board?	1
Hi there  Does anyone know how to get hold of data as well as stock of the LCD displays used in the NINTENDO GAMEBOY handheld TV game machines?  Any information wouold be MOST appreciated.  Please e-mail any replies to   arawstorne@eleceng.uct.ac.za  thanks	2
<stuff deleted>        <other stuff deleted>  Wouldn't it be cheaper to just buy a little fourteen inch colour tv? Just  curious...      -	1
A very good modeling package I found is `irit' (look for irit.tar.Z). However there is no converter from it's format to POV format. I postet  a request for such a converter in this group but got no response, so I'm considering to write such a program myself.	0
Hi there!  I wonder if anyone knows and can recommend me a good NuBus display card for driving a 14" multisync (NEC 3D)? The NEC 3D can do horizontal refresh from 15.5 kHz to 38 kHz and vertical from 50 Hz to 90 Hz and can do max 1024x768 interlaced, though I am looking for something more like 800x600 or 832x624 noninterlaced. It would be very nice to find a card which can be programmed quite freely within these limits and is capable to display at least 8bits/pixel, preferably more.  Is there an..	1
Dominik,   Have you tried xgrasp? It's out there on several ftp sites.(not sure which, but archie can find it, I'm sure.) It works ok but it lacks an interface.	0
This may be a safety issue; the CSA is more paranoid in certain areas than UL and such. Two caps in series means that you don't have a short if one of them shorts.	2
I'm not sure if this is the correct place to ask this question. If not, please forgive me and point me in the right direction.  Does anybody know of a program that converts .GIF files to .BMP files and if so, where can I ftp it from? Any help would be greatly  appreciated.  Please respond via e-mail as I do not read this group very often.	0
Excellently put!  Even as a libertarian, I have to admit government does do some things I like. There is a beautiful performing arts complex in Ft. Lauderdale that was partially built with tax dollars (I don't know how much was private and how much was stolen, I mean public) but it is beautiful and I enjoy it. (Keep in mind, though, most of the people in the city will never attend a single performance there, so they might feel differently about having to help pay for it.)  However, I have to dis..	3
Sketch: Rotate so cylinder axis is || Z axis.  Intersect X/Y projection of line with projected cylinder (similar to, but easier than, sphere intersection). Result: no intersection, one intersection, or two intersections, parameterized along line by t0 and t1. Now look at Z, and compute intersections of line with top and bottom planes of cylinder. This gives t0' and t1'. The interval of intersection is then the bit of the line from [t0,t1] INTERSECT [t0',t1'].  Details left as an exercise for the..	0
I suppose ALL media want something to happen, otherwise what would  they report: that's their job. (duhhh to me!)   But it's not so much surprising that they want a riot as it is amazing  how they carry that desire across in not so subtle ways (at least to  me...)  carlos.	3
It's not a bad question: I don't have any refs that list this algorithm either. But thinking about it a bit, it shouldn't be too hard.  1) Take three of the points and find the plane they define as well as the circle that they lie on (you say you have this algorithm already)  2) Find the center of this circle. The line passing through this center perpendicular to the plane of the three points passes through the center of the sphere.  3) Repeat with the unused point and two of the original points..	0
I'm considering adding a floptical drive to my current system.  What I would like to know is which floptical drives are recommended for their quality and performance.  My preference would be floptical drives capable of handling both 800k and 1.4k floppies, but handling 800k floppies is not a necessity.  So far, I only know a bit about the Iomega floptical and the Infinity floptical drives. Are there any comments/recommendations for either of these?  Are there any other floptical drives that are ..	1
Has anybody gotten CVIEW to work in 32k or 64k color mode on a Trident 8900c hi-color card? At best the colors come out screwed up, and at worst the  program hangs. I loaded the VESA driver, and the same thing happens on 2  different machines.   If it doesn't work on the Trident, does anybody know of a viewer that  does?	0
Excerpts from netnews.comp.sys.mac.misc: 5-Apr-93 Re: HELP INSTALL RAM ON CEN.. by Jason Harvey Titus@farad     oh boy am i confused, I thought the entire point of the 72 pin simms was that you could use diffrent size simms so you could avoid having to use sets. all horror stories not withstanding.	1
Well, it seems the "National Sales Tax" has gotten its very  own CNN news LOGO!   Cool. That means we'll be seeing it often.   Man, I sure am GLAD that I quit working ( or taking this   seriously ) in 1990. If I kept busting my ass, watching   time go by, being frustrated, I'd be pretty DAMN MAD by   now.    YEAH! Free HEALTH CARE! Oh, yeeaaaahhhh!   heh heh   " Bill makes me feel like DANCING! "   MORE AMAZING PREDICTIONS FROM THE INCREDIBLE BROMEISTER!  -   We take you back to Feburary 20th, w..	3
I need information on the Display PostScript strokeadjust feature. This feature adjusts the endpoints of lines so that the displayed line looks better on low resolution devices.  The PostScript literature explains the process to some extent. They also give an example of how to "emulate" strokeadjust in PostScript environments where it is absent.  The suggested emulation is to modify the coordinates of the endpoints of a line using the following formula for each coordinate:   new_coord = (round (..	0
I'm sure Intel and Motorola are competing neck-and-neck for  crunch-power, but for a given clock speed, how do we rank the following (from 1st to 6th):  486  68040  386  68030  286  68020  While you're at it, where will the following fit into the list:  68060  Pentium  PowerPC  And about clock speed: Does doubling the clock speed double the overall processor speed? And fill in the _'s below:  68030 @ _ MHz = 68040 @ _ MHz  Thanks very much. I'd appreciate hearing any further explanations from an..	1
To answer your irrelevant question, yes a person of color is human, but I still don't know what you mean by human being and you have merely begged the question without responding. By trying to inject the notion of race into the discussion, you muddy the waters without adding any insight whatever. The same parallel question could be "Is a polydactyl person a human being?" You still have not answered what you mean by human being. Please do so.   You won't answer the question and instead drag in ir..	3
Try Goldstar. They make them, and they are available immediately in Mac configurations. I ordered a pair from Computerland (8 meg variety) and they work like a charm. I've had them for two weeks.	1
does anyone have Prez. Clinton`s e-mail address. thanks a lot	3
Dear Binary Newsers,  I am looking for Quick C or Microsoft C code for image decoding from file for VGA viewing and saving images from/to GIF, TIFF, PCX, or JPEG format. I have scoured the Internet, but its like trying to find a Dr. Seuss spell checker  TSR. It must be out there, and there's no need to reinvent the wheel.  Thanx in advance.  //////////////	0
Is there a fast 'n dirty way to kill the line spiking that occurs when an inductive load is turned on sometime other than at zero-crossing of the AC cycle? A capacitor kludged in somehow, etc?  I've got a microcontroller that is running a bunch of valves and pumps in a big instrument washer, and almost everything is being switched with zero-crossing solid state relays, so that stuff stays "quiet", AC-wise. But there's one steam valve that gets turned on by a mechanical relay in the water tank fi..	2
I remember reading a thread a few days ago that mentioned removing an external syquest drive from its case and dropping it in the internal drive of a Centris. . . I was going to do that with my 610, but had a couple of questions. My PLI 80M syquest drive has a wire from the drive to an id# switch on the outside of the case. Where do I connect this switch?? Can the computer just "tell" with internal drives?   I noticed that the drive will lay over part of the motherboard (I didn't look closely, b..	1
Applied Engineering makes a NuBus card called the QuadraLink which is  a board that contains 4 serial ports, which I believe can be used simultaneously. I'm not a user of one of these, but I have installed a couple for people at work (I'm a technician). Hope this helps.	1
Look at the 4053. This is a triple 2-to-1 transmission-gate analog multiplexer, with positive and negative power supplies (can be run from a single-ended supply as well). With dual supplies, the logic inputs still range from ground (0 Volts) to VDD.  This is a neat (well, I think so) design for a switchable-polarity amplifier:   +-/\/\/\-+  | |  | /-\ | INPUT -+-/\/\/\-+-| - | |  | | opamp |-+- OUTPUT  +-/\/\/\-+-| + |  | \-/  | CONTROL -X (analog switch)  |  |  -  GND  All resistors are equal-v..	2
You should be able to pick up an ADB cable at any computer wiring store... I'd give you the address of Alberta Computer cable in Calgary, but a: I'm in Victoria (B.C., Canada) and b: I don't think an address in Calgary would help you too much....basically however I just phoned them up, and they charged me approx. $15 cnd for a custom made ADB extension cable for my mouse.  Hope this helps...	1
this is a test  -  *	1
{Michael Fulbright} said  "Analog switches/Balanced"  to <All> on 04-15-93 01:08  MF> I am trying to build a synchronous demodulator and I've hit a snag.  MF> In my application I want to be able to change the gain of an  MF> op amp amplifier from 1 to -1, controlable via a digital input.  MF> The most obvious way I've come up with is to use analog switches  MF> to adjust the gain of the op amp. The only analog switch I have  MF> experience with it the 4066. Unfortunately I want to switch an  MF>..	2
THE WHITE HOUSE    Office of the Press Secretary _ For Immediate Release April 5, 1993      PUBLIC SCHEDULE OF THE PRESIDENT  TUESDAY, APRIL 6, 1993    11:15 AM EST   PRESIDENT CLINTON DELIVERS REMARKS with   Egyptian President Mubarek, the East Room,   The White House     Open Press      FUTURE SCHEDULE OF THE PRESIDENT   APRIL 16, 1993   PRESIDENT CLINTON MEETS with Japanese Prime   Minister Miyazawa, the White House	3
Wrong on both accounts.   No one is a "rioter" until they participate in a "riot", which is  unlikely to happen, now.  Most of the *people* in L.A. are likely to have gotten up early to  listen to the court announcement.   Sorry to disappoint you, but this seems unlikely.   I don't think he was told. However, his statement was still appropriate.   Jury duty is a solemn duty to be taken seriously. It is not meant  to be a source of pride or instant fame.   Well, the many *people* who got up early..	3
The status of the House of Lords today is quite different to its status  in 1789.     Maddison and Hamilton were both studying existing forms of government for several years before they wrote the federalist papers. That the US system is based to a considerable degree on the UK model is pretty widely accepted. At the time there was no other major country with a representative body. The French plebicite had been suppressed for 140 years and its restoration eight years later would mark the start of..	3
You said it worked so well with tobacco. I was being fascisious(I can't spell  worth a damn)  Look, this is getting ridiculous, first, I think tobacco should be legal.  Anybody who can't see the difference between tobacco and marijuana has got to  be high.	3
Pardon me for interrupting, but why doesn't anyone ever bring up other possibilities besides more government, less government, or no government and stop there? It seems to me that the problems with society go MUCH deeper than government. Democracies seem to reflective of the majority of society, both the good and the bad. If you take away the government, you still have the structural flaws in society, except this time, with no restraints. Yes? No?  Why doesn't anybody ever discuss communal socie..	3
I have a Laserwriter IIg that has disappeared completely from the Network, i.e. it's name doesn't show up in any zone. (You can print to it from it's serial interface, tho!) I have seen some discussion here about changing the zone a IIg is in... including some PS code that lets you change the zone. Is there maybe some PS code you can use to have it go back to all its factory default settings? I have a feeling that's what needed to heal ours.	1
I've changed the battery in the thing (shortly after the problem first happened) and I've noticed an inordinate number of Bus errors lately...	1
I've even seen pictures of an installation where the ham pulled a little  trailer behind his car with a 4KW generator, and ran the full legal limit  while mobile. I don't know what his gas mileage was like, though, or  where he found resonators able to stand the gaff.	2
I think he wanted to avoid reinventing the wheel. I would suggest that you take your code, and submit it to comp.sys.mac.binaries to be distributed (including to the ftp sites).  Many folks, myself included, would enjoy the extra code.   Just to clarify, the 3D routines that are mentioned in various places on the mac are in a libray, not the ROM of the mac. A few years ago before I knew anything about implementing graphics, I came across a demo of the Apple GrafSys3D library and it actually did ..	0
I have never worked with really small signals before and have a few  questions about low level noise. I have noticed that the waveform  synthesizer that I am using (Analogic 2020) has some relatively large common mode noise on it. I am using this synthesizer to 'null' out another transient waveform and am amplifying the difference (_200uV) several hundred  times. The 2020 has about 1-3 mVp-p of common mode noise and this tends to make my measurements hard to repeat. (The noise is not quite in sy..	2
I have a (very old) Mac 512k and a Mac Plus, both of which  have the same problem.  Their screens blank out, sometimes after a minor physical jolt (such as inserting a floppy in the internal drive), sometimes  all by themselves (computer left to itself just goes blank).  I have replaced the wires connecting the logic boards and the  video board, because it seemed at first that jiggling the wires made the screen come back on. This worked for a while, but the blanking out has returned.  Can I do a..	1
I'm told that some of these companies often sell a plastic, throw away after one use, version of the Torx driver, so ask before you buy...      Michael	1
What evidence are you aware of. What was reported in the media, or all of the evidence that was presented at the trial.  This sounds to me a lot like the first Rodney King 5 trial. A bunch of people who saw 10 to 15 seconds out of a several minute long video, decided that they knew more than people who had sat through a two week trial.	3
"Women are only interested in clothes and shopping"  "Whites are imperialist colonial fascists"  "Blacks are lazy uneducated scum"  "Men are rapists"  "Homosexuals support child-molesting"   Slogans, my dear Cramer, are not an adequate substitute for thought.	3
Hi:  I am digitizing a NTSC signal and displaying on a PC video monitor. It is known that the display response of tubes is non-linear and is sometimes said to follow Gamma-Law. I am not certain if these non-linearities are "Gamma-corrected" before encoding NTSC signals or if the TV display is supposed to correct this.   Also, if 256 grey levels, for example, are coded in a C program do these intensity levels appear with linear brightness on a PC monitor? In other words does PC monitor display ci..	0
What I did NOT get with my drive (CD300i) is the System Install CD you listed as #1. Any ideas about how I can get one? I bought my IIvx 8/120 from Direct Express in Chicago (no complaints at all - good price & good service).  BTW, I've heard that the System Install CD can be used to boot the mac; however, my drive will NOT accept a CD caddy is the machine is off. How can you boot with it then?  -Dave	1
It would depend on the requirements of the poster's data, for some purposes 1/256 resolution (with or without calibration curve).   Otherwise the other possibilities would be:  1) get a digital voltameter with serial output & connect to serial port on mac, collect data with some communications program.  2) Buy an A/D chip from Analog devices, Burr-Brown, etc, connect to a parallel to serial converter, use serial port for acquisition (nah. too much soldering and trouble shooting :-)  3) Get a boa..	1
Yes.  I use 74HC4066 and others commerically for this purpose so rest assured it  works fine. In one case I route bit serial digital audio using these and it  is difficult to see any signal degradation at all which surprised me given  some pretty fast edges. HC4066 is spec'd at something like -3dB @ 200MHz into  50 ohms. The more complex types are generally a little slower and more  resistive.  Plain 4000 series are not so good at handling 5v logic.  Remember that the output load is seen by the ..	2
Last week I asked for help in getting an old homemade amp working with my Sun CD-ROM drive. It turns out that the channel I was testing with was burned out in the amp. The other channel works fine.  So now I need a new amplifier chip. My local Radio Shack no longer carries components! The chip is a 12 pin SIP (?) labelled with BA5406 and then "502 515" below that.  Does anyone have a source? Thanks,	2
Ahhh, remember the days of Yesterday? When we were only   going to pay $17 / month?   When only 1.2% of the population would pay extra taxes?   Remember when a few of us predicted that it wasn't true? :)  Remember the Inaugural? Dancing and Singing! Liberation  at last!    Well, figure *this* out:   5% VAT, estimated to raise $60-100 Billion per year ( on CNN )  Work it out, chum...    $60,000,000,000 / 125,000,000 taxpayers = $480 / year   But, you exclaim, " I'll get FREE HEALTH CARE! "  But, ..	3
Just to complete that thought, the cooling towers cool water that circulates through heat exchangers that recondense the turbine exhaust back into feedwater for the heat exchangers that transfer energy from the reactor's cooling circuit.    |-| |-turbine, etc-| |-|  | > > > > . reactor < < < > .  | > > > > C. T.  |-| |-| |-  The reactor has a closed loop circuit to prevent radioactive contamination of the the turbine feedwater.  The cooling tower is a separate circuit to avoide contamination of ..	2
As of last week, Mac's Place had the Applied Engineering QuickSilver card (32k cache, one PDS slot, socket for FPU) on sale for $99.00 (without FPU). Regular price is $199.  No idea if this is still going on, but I can get the phone no. if anyone is interested (I found their ad in MacUser).	1
Some pixels on my PB 140 display disappear intermittently. They are not in a particular place but random. If anybody has suggestions I would appreciate e-mailings. Thanks.	1
Hi there,  I've made a VGA mode 13h graphics library available via FTP. I originally wrote the routines as a kind of exercise for myself, but perhaps someone here will find them useful. They are certainly useable as they are, but are missing some higher-level functionality. They're intended more as an intro to mode 13h programming, a starting point.  * The library assumes a 386 processor, but it is trivial to modify it * for a 286. If enough people ask, I'll make the mods and re-post it as a * d..	0
Why would it have to be much faster (it probably is) ? Assuming an ARM is about as efficient as a MIPS R3000 for integer calculations, doing a Compact-Video-like digital video codec is an easy task. For Software Motion Pictures (which is a lot like Compact Video, though it predates it), we get 48 frames/sec. at 320x240 on a DECstation 5000/200. That machine has a 25 Mhz MIPS R3000.     Burkhard Neidecker-Lutz	0
I get it. One organization wants to abolish age of consent laws, whereas in contrast the other wants to abolish age of consent laws. This makes it respectable to belong to one organization, but not the other.	3
where can I buy 1 or 2 of these chips (pref in Australia)? What is name and address of `UMC'?  Dan  -  - Adrian Blockley ! I may say something profound  Environmental science ! here one day.  Murdoch University !  Western Australia, 6153 !  blockley@essun1.murdoch.edu.au !  phone 09-360 2737 !	2
I'm really surprised Clinton hasn't already tried to do this. He seems to want to tackle other irrelevant issues first, so why not this one as well.   Wrong. We need its capability. Sure it has its problems, very few airplanes haven't, but getting rid of something we need is not the answer. What do you want to do, start over a rebuild a new airplane from scatch? It'll have its problems as well and there will be calls again, for it to be scrapped. THe other option is to try to extend the life of ..	3
The key word is `spilled'. If semen was spilled anywhere where there was a chance of procreation it was OK. If it was spilt on the ground or in to a man it was a big sin, ditto with animals. The jews said sex=pro- creation.  Homosexuals didn't breed, there fore they are evil and should be stoned to death.      Stoning non-breeding population was fine. Only the breeders were considered to be worth much.    Xavier	3
Attention hardware hackers and bargain seekers!  I just bought a 640x200 pixel LCD panel for 25 UK pounds. I have a datasheet for a similar panel, but I'm looking for proper data.  If anyone can help with locating data for this device (before I start with the routine on the phone to Hitachi and rummaging through the library), then I'll pass on the source.   Type: LM225 (Hitachi)  Resolution: 640W x 200H (so can do 80x25 chars on 8x8 matrix)  Bought from:   Greenweld Electronics Ltd  27 Park Rd  ..	2
He'd have to go a far ways to run things down as bad as Reagan and Bush  did. We didn't have riots but Bush got dumped out on his spotty Behind.   We'll see in 4 years.   Pope Charles Slack in our time!  ?s	3
I have an external hard drive I wish to use as startup disk. problem is, when I switch on the mac, it boots on the internal HD, but when I restart (warm boot) the mac, it boots from the external. how do I make it boot directly from the external ?  please email replies if possible.  thanks in advance.	1
I think the original poster meant opening the mouse, not just releasing the ball and getting to the rollers. I found that on the original ADB mouse, sometimes unscrewing the two halves allowed for easier cleaning.  If the original poster has his answer, I'll ask: How do you open the new ergonomic mouse? By open, I mean split the two halves to get at the guts. It isn't obvious to me based on the 5 minute look I spent with one at the office yesterday as there are no visible screw heads.	1
Once again, Mark, you don't specify the means through which the government is to be prevented from becoming the tool of business interests. As a  left-wing, big government, conventional liberal, I'm just as willing as you are to vote against anti-competitive regulations that favor auto dealers.   But what I hear from libertarians is a desire to limit incumbents' terms, to weaken government by eliminating its power to enforce antitrust laws, and a desire to eliminate legislator's pay. Each strike..	3
Gee, I got the idea from somewhere that devices like this were in common use in WWII, so that commanders on board ships could bellow at the troops landing on a beach, for example.  Which reminds me of an anecdote from the mid-60s. At a communications conference a Marine Corps communications officer said he didn't care much for all the spread-spectrum multi-access expensive communication systems that people were talking about at the time; what he wanted was a kilowatt broadcast transmitter on the..	2
demon@desire.wright.edu (Not a Boomer) writes...       First, people should be aware that Brett's (no last name listed)  posts on bit.listserv.politics indicate that he has been  hostile toward GM's hiring policies and to the Moseley verdict  when it came out. Equal opportunity disagreement, I guess. :-)  My guess, without seeing the judge's opinion, is that GM's motion  was denied on due diligence grounds. Otherwise, a party to a  case could always keep one or two semi-credible witnesses in  re..	3
You are hereby authorized not to laugh. By special dispensation of her Hillariness. This offer void where prohibited by law, consumer must pay applicable sales tax..... -  -	3
Hi all: Thanks to you all who have responded to my request for info on various kinds of fax modem. I'd like to ask a few more questions. 1. What are the advantages of buying a global village Teleport Gold over other cheaper brands like Supra, Zoom etc? 2. I heard that both Supra and Zoom use the same software. Why are there so many complaints about the incompatibility problems of Supra? What kind of incompatibility is it? 3. If I decided to buy the Teleport Gold, is there any possibility to add ..	1
Hi folks,   what exactly is the maximum memory I can put in a Quadra 700. My manual says 20MB (with 4 x 4MB SIMMs),  but MacWarehouse and the like advertise 16MB SIMMs to give it a total of 68MB. Who's wrong? Has anybody got 68MB?   Thanks,    Chris	1
I can't fiqure this out. I have properly compiled pov on a unix machine running SunOS 4.1.3 The problem is that when I run the sample .pov files and use the EXACT same parameters when compiling different .tga outputs. Some of the .tga's are okay, and other's are unrecognizable by any software.	0
The screws are Torx screws and the tool isn't to hard to find. It's a matter of finding one with a long enough shaft to do the trick.    No it is not a good idea to take that fan out. Why because it will cause stuff to over heat. Internal hard drives, motherboard...You name it and this can cause damage. I've known people to have hard drive failures because of fans that didn't work right....	1
=   I'm looking for the E_Mail Address of the Caere Corporation.   Their Address is:   CAERE CORPORATION  100 COOPER COURT  LOS GATOS  CALIFONIA 95030   If you know the address o have access to find it. Please could  you send it to me.    My E_Mail Address is:    <zia@uk.ac.ed.castle>   Thanking you in advance,	1
A 3DO marketing rep. recently offered a Phillips marketing rep. a $100 bet that 3DO would have boxes on the market on schedule. The Phillips rep. declined the bet, probably because he knew that 3DO players are already in pre-production manufacturing runs, 6 months before the commercial release date.  By the time of commercial release, there will be other manufacturers of 3DO players announced and possibly already tooling up production. Chip sets will be in full production. The number of software..	0
Since I repost this message again for the second time, I hope to hear from some folks on this topic. Please reply.  Regards,	1
RADIOSITY SOURCES WANTED !!! =  When I read the comp.graphics group, I never found something about  radiosity. Is there anybody interested in out there? I would be glad  to hear from somebody. I am looking for source-code for the radiosity-method. I have already read common literature, e. g.Foley ... . I think little examples could  help me to understand how radiosity works. Common languages ( C, C++,  Pascal) prefered. I hope you will help me!	0
How can a witness tell that someone in a burning truck is dead rather than unconscious?   What kind of witnesses? If we are talking about witnesses who were at the accident, or were otherwise directly involved (e.g., paramedics, emergency room doctors, etc.), then they should have been used at the first trial. You don't get a new trial because you screwed up and forgot to call all of your witnesses.  If we are talking about new expert witnesses who will offer new interpretations of the data, not..	3
Note that if you get the external CD300 for your Centris or Q800 you will miss out on the sound mixing feature unless you are willing to run a wire from the motherboard sound input connector to the stereo output on the CD.  Connecting to the sound input port on the back of the computer won't do unless you can live with mono.	1
Of course, I do not agree. It does have more horsepower. Horsepower is not the only measurement for 'better'. It does not have full motion, full screen video yet. Does it have CD-ROM XA?  Which other manufacturers? We shall see about the date.  This is second hand, but it still hard to look to the future ;-).	0
Here is the MacWeek article describing the DUO ram situation. (w/o permission. I hope that is ok)  Jose  Bad RAM brings some Duos down. (random access memory boards for Apple Macintosh PowerBook Duos)  MacWEEK v7, n7 (Feb 15, 1993):132.  COPYRIGHT Coastal Associates Publishing L.P. 1993  By Raines Cohen   Austin, Texas - Some third-party memory-expansion cards for PowerBook Duos depart from Apple specs in ways that could cause crashes, data loss and other problems.   Technology Works Inc., a RAM..	1
C >Hi: C >I have a 486DX2-66MHz computer to use with an A/D board C >for data acquisition on an AT bus...I'm having problems. C >The AT bus runs at 12.5 MHz - correct? So there should C >be no bus speed conflict. But I read somewhere that the C >new 486DX2-66 MHz CPU runs on a 33 MHz bus - is that for C >the local bus or the AT bus also - if so then I have a problem. C >^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ C >When I run on non-turbo-mode the speed goes to 8 MHz and the C >A/D doesn't work. Please mail yo..	2
Back in the 70's I was a service technician for a cash register company. The cash registers used microprocessor circuits and back then they were VERY susceptible to electrostatic discharge and line noise. The biggest problems came from outlets that were not properly grounded.  In almost every place we went to do an installation, we found outlets with the ground connected to the neutral. For 99.9% of the things you can plug into one of these, they work fine. For our cash registers they were a nig..	2
I'm not sure if you got the information you were looking for, so I'll post it anyway for the general public. To load an image on your root window add this line to the end of your .xsession file:   xloadimage -onroot -fullscreen <gif_file_name> &  This is assuming of course you have the xloadimage client, and as for the switches, I think they pretty much explain what is going on. If you leave out the <&>, the terminal locks till you kill it. (You already knew that though...)  Hope this helps.	0
I would be very wary of retail outlets selling as cheap as educational prices! I went for a retailer, actually mail order (CDA computers), because its price was better thant the campus computer store. I found out why later on when I tried to get a repair done at an Apple registered repair center - the CPU was a resale. The serial number had been removed and replaced with a non-standard number (probably from CDA computers). Consequently, the Apple repair man could not do ANY warrenty repairs. So ..	1
Hi!  I need a Windows 3.1 driver for the Matrox PG-1281 CV SVGA card.  At the moment Windows runs only in the 640x480 mode. If you have a driver for this card, please send it  with the OEMSETUP.INF to   bockamp@Informatik.TU-Muenchen.DE  Thanks!	0
Did you remember to clamp ground to the engine block first?	1
: >  : > : And the measure of current, Amp, is actually named after both the AMP company : > : and the Amphenol company. Both companies revolutionized electronics by : > : simulatenously realizing that the performance of connectors and sockets  : > : were affected by the amount of current running through the wires. : >  : > Sorry. The unit for current is the AMPERE which is the name of a french-man : > named AMPERE who studied electrical current. The term AMP is just an abbreviation : > of it. T..	2
Hi Steve,  As the author of Multiverse, I feel I had better respond to your mailnote questioning whether anyone had managed to compile this software - the quick answer is yes! The long answer is yes - but a few have had a few problems with their platforms - not all unix's are the same, you know! As far as "many bugs" go, it would probably be more useful to everyone (including you) if you were a bit more explicit! :-)  Platforms it has succesfully compiled and run on are: RS6000, Dec Ultrix Sun S..	0
Bubblejets often splatter a little bit, whereas LaserJets (given half-way decent toner, like HP's "Microfine" stuff) don't. Both produce very good output, but you don't have to look too closely at the two to tell that LaserJet output is definitely superior.   On the other hand, LaserJets which haven't been maintained properly and use the cheapest toner the owner could find often produce awful output, much worse than a bubblejet. :-)  One other thing... there are bubblejets, and then there are Bu..	2
The Atari 2600 used a 6502 CPU, just like their entire 8-bit line (400, 800,1200,1400, 1440, 130xe, 65xe computers, as well as the 5200 game machine). The 2600 had some extra ASIC chips that were basically modified graphics chips and PIA's for the joysticks. Later model 2600 might have incorporated many of the chips into one ASCI, as the weight of the machines and part count decreased a lot over the years.  Additionally, I think the 2600 used 2K, 4K, and up to 8K of ROM for their games. I have n..	2
I finally got a 24 bit viewer for my POVRAY generated .TGA files.  It was written in C by Sean Malloy and he kindly sent me a copy. He wrote it for the same purpose, to view .TGA files using his SpeedStar 24.  It ONLY works with the SpeedStar 24 and I cannot send copies since it is not my program. I believe the author may release a version at a future time when the program is more developed. He may or may not comment on this, as he pleases.  Thanks to all who were helpful.  Regards,	0
Just thought I would mention that Sony no longer manufactures the CPD- 1304 because of several manufacturing flaws. The new model is now the 1430, which just like Apple's new Sony Trinitrom CLAIMS to be 14 inches. I'm not sure of the details on the defects, but I work at our schools bookstore and can tell you that nearly half of them were returned with some kind of  defect or another.	1
What suburban kid would want to hold down a minimum wage job when there is so much more money to be made dealing drugs?  Yet, somehow, surburban kids do hold down minimum wage jobs. So do inner city kids, when give the chance. Any reason you think that inner city kids are incapable of doing legitimate work?	3
I've got an rgb Mistubishi monitor and on the back it has 5 BNC connectors labeled like this:   composite  HD VD  + + + + +  sync red green blue   I've used it as a straight RGB monsitor but i can't figure out how to use it for composite. Could someone explain what these markings mean? Thanks for any help.   tom	2
What's the latest version of Stepping Out that works ok with S7.1?	1
I'm posting this for a friend:   I have an immediate need for a polygon-based hidden-line removal   program. I can deal with any input/output format, but I need to be able   to do perspective views in any orientation and range.   Is there a public-domain hidden-line program around? It seems like   there should be, but I have not been able to locate one.	0
I've had my Duo 230 for a few weeks now and suffer from both of the above problems. I reinstalled my system software twice in an effort to combat the problems - thinking they were system software problems. Initially reinstalling the system seemed to help but not anymore. Occasionally when I try to wake up the Duo I get a solid screen of horizontal lines on the screen - it freezes.  I also get the high-pitched hiss occasionally - but only at startup.  I've called the apple hotline (800 SOS-APPL) ..	1
Hi netters,   I am currently doing some investigations on "Developable Surface". Can anyone familiar with this topic give me some information or sources which can allow me to find some infomation of developable surface?  Thanks for your help!	0
Yes, but... the minimization of gates is important in part because of TIMING considerations. A TTL gate has the basic structure of AND/OR/INVERT, and an inversion of a sum of a product is just exactly ONE gate delay. The reason to find a minimal sum of products is that this matches a hardware optimization.   A positive-OR gate (such as the 9-gate solution uses) has TWO gate delays (and there's another gate delay in the second term) so that the second solution, while simpler in logic symbols, can..	2
Hello,   I have been searching for a quality image enhancement and  manipulation package for Unix/X/Motif platforms that is comparable  to Adobe Photo Shop for the Mac.   I have not been able to find any, and would appreciate any  information about such products you could provide.   I would be particularly interested in software that runs on HP or  Sun workstations, and does not require special add-in hardware, but  would also be interested in other solutions.   Thank You. Wayne	0
I've just completed a successful upgrade of a an SI to 27.5 mhz. I'm waiting on delivery of a 62 mhz clock for a final speed trial. Definitely needed the heatsink. The CPU was quite hot to the touch at higher speeds until I glued on a 90 cent Radio Shack sink.   I made a call for reports of failures last week. No reports have arrived here. Locally, in Seattle there is a reported CPU damage due to the user slipping with the iron and putting a gash into the board - not exactly a problem due to the..	1
(oh boy. it's the [in]famous Phill Hallam-Baker.)  }  }  } |>... but like "basic plus" cable, you have to tell them that you don't } |>want it ... for example, Hutterite colonies in western Canada are not } |>part of it (Mennon and Hutter were fundamentalist Protestants from } |>Germany whose followers left for the New World ... Mennonites are a } |>very diverse lot while Hutterites are similiar to the Amish). The } |>American idea being floated today gives you no option but to live } |>off the ..	3
# # "labor" is a tough one. Labor is defined, economically, as the efforts, # # both mental and physical, of humans. Capital is defined as intermediate # # goods used to create other goods and services. Now, if a slave is considered # # an intermediate good, then the slave has now been dehumanized and is  # # simply a machine. Not good for the anti-slave (i.e. pro-human rights)  # # argument. So, slaves are humans, and they produce labor.  #  # Sorry. The question of defining slave "labor" is no..	3
Why are you fooling around with analog for this job? A single chip micro and a crystal will do the job reliably and easily. An 8748 only costs about $5. That and a $1 crystal and you're in business. Embed the whole thing in a foam insulated blanket, power it from a solar cell, use the excess power to heat the assembly during the day and rely on the insulation to hold the heat during darkness. If you don't want to try thermal management, contact someone like ICL and have them cut you a special lo..	2
I have written a program and I want to market it. I would like certain degree of protection, since my main custmers are individuals and not the  cooperations. I know laser hole burning method, and hardware key method, however, my software is going to cost only $15.00, so I can not afford that. Also, at this low price I can not afford people make too many copy of my software. Well, I guess say upto %20 illigal copying is ok by me.  However, I do not want someone to get a copy of PCTools and copy ..	2
I can only comment on thermal recalibration in general. Some new drives perform it in order to increase overall integrity of data writes. Basically, the firmware instructs the actuator to perform a test to see if the data tracks are within a certain physical tolerance, since when the media heats up or cools down, *some* track drift is inevitable, and the drive has to monitor it. This becomes especially critical at very high recording densities, and so was used primarily on very large-capacity me..	1
Sounds about right.  If there is high demand for a product there is little incentive to aggresively cut prices. Once the demand fall off a bit, then is the time to start getting aggressive with pricing. Waiting too long can really hurt your business though :-)  The PowerBooks have sold very well up to now, if they are slowing down Apple needs to come out with some lower priced versions (the only reason I own a PowerBook is that I could spring for a $900 PB100, the rest of the lineup is way to pr..	1
So patch the ROMs with the latest OS version. I don't see how this is a problem.	1
As a libertarian (with a small l) who voted for Clinton, I think that he should abolish the Selective Service and the draft. If his conscience forbade him to go to war in Vietnam, it should forbid him to perpetuate this system of government-sanctioned slavery.   If our government would pay attention to SERIOUS domestic issues (the ECONOMY) and choose to stay out of other people's wars (Iraq, Bosnia, Somalia), we would not be in this fix. An anyway, couldn't the jobs be replaced by improving our ..	3
<stuff deleted>   Good gravy! Decibels are all *ratios.* The question that remains in any ratio is the reference unit used. Sometimes, this will be a reference power, such as 1 milliwatt (given a certain circuit impedance which should also be included in the fine print or known, like 50 ohms in an RF circuit of that impedance), leading to an accepted notation of dBm. Maybe it might be dBV, disregarding the impedance of the circuit and power developed, using 1 volt as reference *amplitude* (rathe..	2
They don't move, to anybody much bigger than an electron :-)  noah	1
hi all,  IN SHORT: looking for very fast assembly code for line/circle drawing   on SVGA graphics.  COMPLETE:  I am thinking of a simple but fast molecular graphics program to write on PC or clones. (ball-and-stick type)  Reasons: programs that I've seen are far too slow for this purpose.  Platform: 386/486 class machine.   800x600-16 or 1024x728-16 VGA graphics   (speed is important, 16-color for non-rendering    purpose is enough; may stay at 800x600 for    speed reason.)  (hope the code would..	0
Boy, this will be embarassing if it is trivial or an FAQ:  Given 4 points (non coplanar), how does one find the sphere, that is, center and radius, exactly fitting those points? I know how to do it for a circle (from 3 points), but do not immediately see a  straightforward way to do it in 3-D. I have checked some geometry books, Graphics Gems, and Farin, but am still at a loss? Please have mercy on me and provide the solution?   Thanks, Ed	0
But you still get into trouble. For example - how often are crimes of violence not "hate crimes"? The question is then who are you hating? If its another gang member, then its better than if the person you hate is of a differnt color?   Also, is it realistic to declare that crimes of hate are worse than crimes of gross negligence? (Like random drive by shootings where they can't be hate crimes because the shooter doesn't know who he is going to hit - he just shoots into the crowd).    First, I h..	3
I agree with you.	0
What you have is one of the LD players from a video game (Dragon's Lair, Space Ace, etc). Call Pioneer Technicial Support 213-498-0300 (at least that's the number I called them at) and ask for the LD-V1000 Interface Guide. It shows how the parallel interface should be wired and the codes for the commands (play, pause, reject, etc). The guide is mainly for hooking the player to a computer, but with a little work, you could build a wired controller.	2
Hello again netters,  I finally received the information about Imagine for the PC. They are presently shipping Version 2.0 of the software and will release Version 3.0 in the first quarter of 1993 (or so they say). The upgrade from 2.0 to 3.0 is $100.00. To purchase Imagine 2.0, it costs $495.00 or if you are upgrading from another eligible (call them for info) modeler, it is only $200.00 plus shipping & handling. It requires a PC with 4 Megs a Math Coprocessor, and Dos 5.0 or up and a Microsoft..	0
: I have notice a lot of electronics questions by people who are obviously not  : "tuned-in" to electronics. Many of them have rather simple answers, and  : many of them require a circuit diagram.  : Rather than muck up the network, why don't you write to me, send a self- : addressed, stamped envelop, and I'll answer your questions, if I can.  : W. L. Willis, P. E. : 114 Fern Circle : Clemson, SC 29631  Because the network is quicker, easier, and free (at least to me).  -  - Christopher Wolf Ele..	2
I don't think that this is accurate. I believe, and could be wrong, that there IS a specific right allegedly to have been violated, like the 14th or due process or whatever.   Double jeopardy does not apply, but not for the reasons you quote. Double jeopardy states that a person may not be tried twice on the same charge. However, the police are not on trial for the crime of excessive force or assault. They are NOW on trial for the DIFFERENT crime of violating Mr. King's civil rights.   AS for th..	3
THE WHITE HOUSE   Office of the Press Secretary _ For Immediate Release April 15, 1993       REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT  TO LAW ENFORCEMENT ORGANIZATIONS        The Rose Garden    2:52 P.M. EDT     THE PRESIDENT: Good afternoon. Ladies and gentlemen,  two months ago I presented a comprehensive plan to reduce our  national deficit and to increase our investment in the American  people, their jobs and their economic future. The federal budget  plan passed Congress in record time, and created a new s..	3
As I understand it, THe difference between 3D Studio 2.00 and 2.01 is mainly in the IPAS interface, along with a few small bug fixes. The IPAS code runs a lot faster in the newest version.	0
From article <1993Apr21.013846.1374@cx5.com>, by tlc@cx5.com:  According to my ColoRIX manual .SCF files are 640x480x256   You may try VPIC, I think it handles the 256 color RIX files OK..	0
The Partition button in Apple's HD Setup lets you set up A/UX and other types of partitions. It WON'T let you create more than one normal mac volume. You need SilverLining or something similar to do that. It WILL, however, allow you to take advantage of some possible unused space on your hard disk, if you don't mind reformatting the whole thing.	1
I really want to buy a powerbook and would like one that can run  Mathematica. So I need a coprocessor but I can not afford a PB180. (who can?) Is it possible to put a MCP in a PB160? The guy at the  bookstore says no but I didn't think he had too much of a clue.  Please respond by e-mail: ross@sbphy.physics.ucsb.edu	1
Sounds like the picture tube lost vacuum. This would cause the filament to ignite and could actually turn the tube from a vacuum to a pressure vessel, followed by an explosion when the neck assembly (mostly likely cracked to begin with) blows off. During the whole sequence of events, the other circuits may continue functioning, which accounts for not losing sound.	2
I would like to experiment with the INTEL 8051 family. Does anyone out  there know of any good FTP sites that might have compiliers, assemblers,  etc.?	2
Okay, I've received a whole lot of requests for the movie, so for simplicity's sake I can't mail out any more than I've already received (as of 16:30 EDT, Tuesday). Maybe it'll pop up on a site sooner or later.	0
Frankly, I think this model is a screwup. It does not have PostScriptlevel 2, only has 13 fonts, and does not even have fine print or photograde, or grayshare. Even the 300 model has this! I am shocked by the kind of features you get for this printer. I myself was hoping for some decent printer to replace the Personal Laser Writers.  -  A motion picture major at the Brooks Institute of Photography, CA Santa Barbara and a foreign student from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	1
So that's why the 13 newly independent states all had tax systems...	3
There's only one physical size for VRAM SIMMs (unlike DRAM SIMMs which  come in many, many sizes and pinouts), although they do come with  differing amounts of VRAM on them. The ones you need are 256KB SIMMs, are  organized as 128K x 16, and have two 128K x 8 VRAM chips on them. This is  the only size which the Quadra and Centris machines can use.   Two.   Both SIMM slots must be filled; putting a SIMM in only one slot does  nothing for you.   80 ns for the Q800 and C650, 100 ns for the C610.   ..	1
Distribution: usa Reply-To: lihan@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu  While I'm on the net bugging everyone, is there such a thing as a chip or chipset to decode Code 39 barcode? I ask for a couple of reasons - mainly I want a reasonably compact encoding scheme to write information on magstripe cards and Code 39 appears to be about right. (If the 'right' way to do it is something else, and it's reasonably easy, can someone let me know?)  I might not get a chance to reply too quickly to this or my earlier post, ..	2
Isn't is funny how someone who seems to know nothing about homosexuality  uses a very flawed (IMHO) source of information to pass jusgement on all  homosexual and bisexual men. It would seem more logical to say that since  the heterosexual group of men is larger then the chances of promiscuity  larger as well. In my opinion, orientation has nothing to do with it.  Men are men and they all like sex. I am a gay male. I have had sex three  times in my life, all with the same man. Before that, I was..	3
Same in Sweden (the ergonomic keyboard is great, BUT! the palm rests do NOT fix to the keyboard; they just sort of rests against the table. Too bad when you have the keyboard in your knee...  Cheers,       / h+	1
Is there a workaround which will enable me to print to a HPLJ4 from my Powerbook 100? (Actually I'm going to a 4M which will have an Ethernet card in the LocalTalk slot!!!GRRRRR). Is there some hardware which will enable me to this easily (kind of plug and play!).	1
I am looking for a program that is capable of displaying a graph with nodes and links and with the possibility to edit interactively the graph : add one node, change one link etc...  Actually, a very _simple_ X11 program would be ok; all I need is to put some "boxes" (i.e. the nodes ) on a pane and be able to manipulate them with the mouse (move, add or delete boxes).  Does anyone know if such program is available ? Thanks for any help !!	0
I have a small program to extract a 640x480 image from a vga 16 color screen, and store that image in a TIFF file. I need to insert the image into a sales brochure, which I then need printed in 4 color. On a mac, I would use Photoshop to separate the image into 5 EPS files, and then pull it into quark express, then get it printed to film on a lintronix at a service bureau.  However, I don't have a mac, but I do have windows. What would I need to  do this type of operation in the windows 3.1 envi..	0
I'm planning to buy a new VLB/EISA system with a good graphic performance. So far I looked at the ATI GUP VLB as my favorite graphics-card. But  recently I heard something about a new card from Miro. It was the Miro Crystal 24s with 3 MB and True Color support up to 1024x768. It costs just a little more than the ATI. So, can't decide which one matches better my needs. Any technical references and performance comparisons (especially from the Miro card) would be greatly appreciated.  -Peter-  E-Ma..	0
Once again, it appears that the one-eyed man has appeared in the land of the sighted and for some strange resaon has appointed himself the ruler and supreme power.	3
I'm considering buying one of these to offload the internal video in my IIci and to get 24 bit color capability on my 13" monitor. What's the deal on them?  1) Do they come with varying amounts of RAM? If so, what is the max and min? How much do I need for 640 x 480 x 24 bits?  2) What bit depths are supported? One, 2, 4, 8, 16, and 24?  3) Are all these cards accelerated or just some? Is it true that modern accelerated video cards are (at least in general) faster? What bit depths are accelerate..	1
Just as a not of possible interest on this subject .. It is my understanding that exploding televisions were a major cause of domestic accidents in the Soviet Union in past years!	2
#### ####  # ### #  # 1 2 3 #  Facing # # Female Plug End # 4 5 6 #  # #  # #  # 7 8 #  # #  #############  Anyone Recognize this? It's my little layout of a eight pin female plug connector used for many mac peripherals.  #####Problem########Problem#########Problem########  Printer (cheap) cables using this configuration switch a couple of pins between one end and the other. I want to use cheap cables for an A-B box. Anyone know which pins get reversed so I can do some creative editing on the in..	1
From article <C4zLJ8.Bun@queernet.org>, by rogerk@queernet.org (Roger B.A. Klorese):  #>NAMBLA's presence in the SF Gay Pride Parade says quite a bit. #>It says that either the parade organizers want to show support #>for NAMBLA, or they themselves have a fundamental misunderstanding #>of their rights and responsibilities. I would really, really like #>to believe the latter, but I would need some help to do so.   Perhaps, though the exclusion of the Gay Perotistas in the SF Gay Pride Parade woul..	3
The previous article referred to the fact that you could only use 20ns SIMMs in a 50MHz machine, but that you could use 80ns SIMMs in slower machines. I just pointed out that if you could only use 20ns SIMMs in a 50MHz machine, you can't use 80ns SIMMs in anything faster than a 12.5 MHz machine. Bank switching and caches were not considered in either example (although both would help memory access).  -  Ravikumar Venkateswar rvenkate@uiuc.edu	1
Without doing anything really tricky, the best I've seen is the Burr-Brown INA103. Their databook shows a good application of this chip as a phantom power mic pre.  -	2
The best program I've seen for viewing such files is VPIC. You'll want version 5.9 or later. (6.0x is current.) It allows you to view in 15 and 24 bit modes. It really is QUITE nice.  Now, for a return question: Do you run Windows? If so, what are the dates on your drivers? The newest ones *I* can find are from around 4-??-92!! My problem is they conflict with Star Trek: After Dark, and other things as well. I'm willing to bet that it's the drivers, and NOT the programs. Anyone out there have in..	0
Basically, there are two algorithms determining whether a point is inside, outside or on the polygon. The first one is Ray (or half line) method. In this method, you can draw any ray, if the number of the intersection point of the ray and the polygon is even, then it is outside. If the number is odd, then it is inside. Of cause, you have to deal with the special cases which may make you headache.  The second method is PI algorithm. Draw the lines between the point and all the vertices on the pol..	0
About a month ago there was a photo posted on alt.binaries.pictures.misc of a 17.5-inch Northern Pike which had been caught on a lure made of 256K SIMMs.  -	2
You are correct; the fastest "complete" image that could be presented on TV would be one field, which is 1/60 of a second (approximately). Of course, the phrase "TV screen" is often thrown around in reference to any CRT display, so perhaps this researcher wasn't using normal TV rates. Might even be a vector ("strokewriter") display, in which case the lower limit on image time is anyone's guess (and is probably phosphor-persistence limited).	2
I recently upgraded to System 7.1 and now I also upgraded my DeskWriter drivers from 2.2 to 3.1. I got the software from Sumex, but it is not clear to me where to install what.  Can someone tell me which of the files that come with DW-3.1 go where and for what purpose? What can be left out, for instance, if you don't want to do background printing?  Thanks,   Tom	1
Take a lemon. Stick a copper strip into the lemon. Stick a galvanized nail in about 1 to 1-1/2 inches from the copper strip. You should get about 1/2 volt from it - enough to light an LED.    * SLMR 2.1 * Support your medical examiner, die strangely.	2
WHITE HOUSE  OFFICE OF THE VICE PRESIDENT _  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE CONTACT: Heidi Kukis THURSDAY, April 15, 1993 202-456-7035  Julia Payne  202-456-7036    GORE JOINS STUDENTS IN ORLANDO FOR FIRST KIDS EARTH SUMMIT  Will Take Part in Special Town Meeting On the Environment  * SATURDAY, APRIL 17, 1993 - ORLANDO, FLORIDA *   WASINGTON - Joining students from across the United States  and around the world for the first ever Kids Earth Summit, Vice  President Al Gore will travel to Orlando, Florida,..	3
Hi, has anyone more info about the XGA-2 chipset? HW-funcs, TrueColor, Resolutions,... Any boards with XGA-2 out yet?  thanks Rainer  -  Rainer Leberle  rleberle@sparc2.cstp.umkc.edu University of Kansas City, MO	0
Greetings!    Situation: I have a phone jack mounted on a wall. I don't  know the number of the line. And I don't want  to call up the operator to place a trace on it.	2
How about some numbers here? Some kind of benchmark? If you want, let me start it - 486DX2-66 - 32 SPECint92, 16 SPECfp92 .    Numbers? Pentium @66MHz - 65 SPECint92, 57 SPECfp92 .   PowerPC @66MHz - 50 SPECint92, 80 SPECfp92 . (Note this is the 601)  (Alpha @150MHz - 74 SPECint92,126 SPECfp92 - just for comparison)    Not in a clock-doubled system. There isn't a doubling in performance, but it _is_ quite significant. Maybe about a 70% increase in performance.  Besides, for 0 wait state performa..	1
I have two questions:  1) What would be required to create a Macintosh PC network  including laser printers, line printers, etc.?	1
Fishing rights are disputed. Between 2 nations, no matter *how*  friendly, there is ALWAYS fishing disputes.  What I was getting at was the 54 40' or fight slogan is OLD STUFF dealing with the LAND dispute. No one is saying 54 40' or fight  about fishing rights. The territorial dispute about the Oregon Territory (we called it) is LONG resolved.  Fishing rights...small potatoes.	3
Hi there,   I have a question regarding Quadras VRAM. I have tried to find info on this but I could not get precise answers.  On one hand, we have a Quadra 950 with a 16" monitor, which is capable of 32-bit color. How much VRAM does it have? On the other hand, we have a Quadra 800 with a 16" monitor, which is capable of 8-bit color only, so it must have 512 Ko of VRAM.  I would like to take VRAM SIMMs for the 950 and put them in the 800 so that both machines have 16-bit color capability. Is it p..	1
In four replies, I've seen no hard numbers, so here goes: For traces on the outside (not inner layers), expect, in 1 oz copper, at 15 amps, the following temperature rises versus width. This is from Sams' "Reference Data for Engineers," seventh edition, Pg 5-30, which claims in turn to be from MIL-STD-275C...   width Temp rise  inches degrees C  - -  .125 100  .15  75  .17  60  .20  45  .24  30  .33  20  At 10 amps, the rise for the .125 width is only about 30 degrees. Power goes as square of th..	2
bm967@cleveland.Freenet.Edu (David Kantrowitz) writes ...  Sure. Buy a switch box and a multisync monitor. I have just that arrangement on my desk and it works fine.	1
Can someone give me the title of a good VGA graphics programming book? Please respond by email. Thanks!     -Yuan	0
Hi,  I'm in the market for an internal color video adaptor for my PB 145. I was wondering if anyone has used the PowerVision adaptor made by Mirror. If so, can you tell me how feel about the speed and compatability of it? I might also be interested in other boards by Envisio etc., so if you have such a board please e-mail your opinion of it. Thanks in advance.	1
In germany you usually use the left hand for the 'b'  yours Frankie -  - Frank Probul Emanuelstr. 17, D-8000 Munich 40, Germany  AppleLink: Probul.F@AppleLink.Apple.COM internet: probulf@informatik.tu-muenchen.de  Munich University of Technology Department of Computer Science Germany	1
I too would like a 3D graphics library! How much do C libraries cost anyway? Can you get the tools used by, say, RenderMan, and can you get them at a reasonable cost?  Sorry that I don't have any answers, just questions...	0
Recently I posted two oscilliscopes for sale. One has sold, the other is still available:  Used, good condition:  Hitachi V-422 40MHz Dual-Channel Portable Analog Oscilliscope  o 1mV/div  o DC offset  o alternate magnification (10x magnified & non-magnified  waveform)  o VERT mode trigger  o TV sync separation circuit  List price $910.00 (...and the price Fry's electronics just  quoted!) :-(  Sells for $699.99 (JDR MicroDevices current price)  $745.95 (Products International)  Your price used $4..	2
I was wondering if anyone knows where I can get more information about the graphics in the WingCommander series, and the RealSpace system they use. I think it's really awesome, and wouldn't mind being able to use similar features in programs. Thanks in advance.	0
It helps to have some idea of the source of the distortion - or at least a reasonable model of the class of distortion. Below is a very short description of the process which we use; if you have further questions, feel free to poke me via e-mail.  = *ASSUME: locally smooth distortion  0) Compute the Delaunay Triangulation of your (x,y) points. This  defines the set of neighbors for each point. If your data are  not naturally convex, you may have very long edges on the convex hull.  Consider dele..	0
: As the subject says - Can I use a 4052 for digital signals? I don't see : why it couldn't handle digital signals, but I could be wrong. Anyone have : any advice? Thanks.  The switches have a non-negligable on resistance (up to 1k ohm when powered by 5 volts) and a maximum current and a Maximum Static Voltage Across Switch. Not a good bet for TTL. Should work for CMOS, but slow things down a bit. There are 74HC versions that have better specs. but lower max voltage.	2
Try MaxAppleZoom ( a shareware init ) if your monitor is not driven by internal video.	1
[ description of experiment deleted ]   [ more deleted ]   A few years ago a friend and I took some 256 grey-level photos from a 1 bit Mac Plus screen using this method. Displaying all 256 levels synchronized to the 60Hz display took about 10 seconds. After experimenting with different aperture settings and screen brightnesses we found a range that worked well, giving respectable contrast. The quality of the images was pretty good. There were no visible contrast bands.  To minimize the exposure ..	0
The actual hourglass is hollow and is designed to generate a draft, exploiting the venturi effect. Around the base of the hourglass is a ring of water towers. Warm river water, coming from the steam condenser in the plant, is sprayed over louvres. The draft being pulled through the tower cools the water by both evaporation and convection. The sensible heat extracted from the cooling water is the driving force for draft generation.  It should be noted that the hourglass-shaped cooling towers are ..	2
I missed the first article[s] on this line due to not having a chance to read the news for a couple of days...  The idea is commercialized in at least one product, the Private Eye. That's a small cube-shaped device that the user straps around the head similar to a sweat band. There is a boom that comes from the side on which the device is mounted so that it is positioned in front of the user's eye.  The Private Eye we had here for evaluation was Hercules-MDA compatible. The innards are a row (_4..	2
Up until last week, I have been running POVray v1.0 on my 486/33 under DOS5 without any major problems. Over Easter I increased the memory from 4Meg to 8Meg, and found that POVray reboots the system every time under DOS5. I had a go at running POVray in a DOS window when running Win3.1 on the same system and it now works fine, even if a lot slower. I would like to go back to  using POVray directly under DOS, anyone any ideas???  John	0
To the best of my knowledge there aren't any problems with Quadras and blind transfers. Trouble with blind transfers usually means the programmer screwed up the TIBs or didn't test their driver with the device in question. Well designed TIBs poll or loop at every point where delays of >16sec occur. This usually occurs at the first byte of each block of a transfer but some devices can "hiccup" in the middle of blocks. If this happens in the middle of a blind transfer there is the possibility of ..	1
#There is a big difference between running one's business #affairs, and actively ripping people off.  And charging homosexuals more becuase people think that AIDS is a "gay disease" is actively ripping people off.	3
1) I have an old Jasmine drive which I cannot use with my new system.  My understanding is that I have to upsate the driver with a more modern one in order to gain compatability with system 7.0.1. does anyone know of an inexpensive program to do this? ( I have seen formatters for <$20 buit have no idea if they will work)   2) I have another ancient device, this one a tape drive for which the back utility freezes the system if I try to use it. THe drive is a jasmine direct tape (bought used for $..	1
That depends entirely upon the advertiser whose number you circled. Radio Electronics compiles all of the cards, then each advertiser gets a computer printout of the names and addresses of all of the readers who circled their number. Some magazines also provide the data on self-adhesive labels, and the really big magazines provide the data on computer disk.  The advertiser decides what to do with the data they get. You will notice that the Radio Electronics information card (commonly called a "b..	2
As the subject says - Can I use a 4052 for digital signals? I don't see why it couldn't handle digital signals, but I could be wrong. Anyone have any advice? Thanks.	2
I am interested in a 2d/3d graphics library which will allow our design team to write graphics software for Unix workstations and be as portable as  possible. Eventually this software will have to be moved to Microsoft Windows. It is my opinion that a good API with hooks to PEX underneath would prove most portable.  Does anyone out there have any experience with Figaro+ form TGS or HOOPS from Ithaca Software? I would appreciate any comments.  - Claye Hart	0
A developable surface is s.t. you can lay it (or roll it) flat on the plane (it may require you to give it a "cut" though...)  E.g., a cylinder, a cone, a plane (of course!) or any surface or patch having vanishing Gaussian (intrinsic) curvature (i.e., with singular Hessian, the matrix of 2nd derivatives for an adequate coordinate patch) are "developable". In more technical words, a developable surface is "locally isometric to a plane" at all points.   Think also of the sphere (or the earth) whi..	0
GOT HIM! Cramer is now claiming that pedophilia is a sexual orientation rather than a chronicly homosexual condition. This changes the whole argument in as much that is pedophilia is a sexual orientation all of its own peds cannot be called homosexual. Peds are peds who may have a preference as to the sex of the child they molest (though most do not have a preference) but that is a subset of their basic ped nature.  Cramer has as much as admitted that peds and gay men are different orientations...	3
I built it on a rs6000 (my only Motif machine) works fine. I added some objects into dogfight so I could get used to flying. This was very easy.  All in all Cool!.  Brian	0
Hi All!   I would like to know what are the popular ICs of the type, their capabilities (# of channels et.c.) and prices :-)   Great thanks,	2
Oh, you foolish person. I do know what the fuck I'm talking about and will gladly demonstrate for such ignorants as yourself if you wish.  The legalization of drugs will provide few if any of the benefits so highly taunted by its proponents: safer, cheaper drugs along with revenues from taxes on those drugs; reduced crime and reduced organized crime specifically; etc, etc  If you would like to prove how clueless you are, we can get into why - again a lot of wasted posts that I don't think this g..	3
it can  position.  now, but  please   I think the other replies sum up the fact that you can place a hard drive on its side. The point is this will only be sure to work on the 'new' drives, namely 1/3 ht LPS drives that have a smaller platter and are also more stable.  Why should I take the chance? Because I've been running a Maxtor 1/3 ht 120 LPS on both its side and flat for about a year and I've had no problems with it. Period.  Like I always say, NEVER trust the manufacturer.   "Just like ev..	1
HELP MY FRIEND AND I HAVE A CLASS PROJECT IN WHICH WE ARE TRYING TO MAKE  A COMPUTER ANIMATED MOVIE OF SORTS WITH THE DISNEY ANIMATION AND WOULD  LIKE TO PUT WHAT WE HAVE ON A VCR IS THIS POSSIBLE? IS IT EASY AND  RELATIVELY CHEAP? IF SO HOW? WE BOTH HAVE 386 IBM COMPATIBLES BUT ARE  RELATIVELY CLUELESS WITH COMPUTERS IF YOU COULD HELP PLEASE DO.   THANX. -  BRANT RITTER - moshing- "a cosmic cesspool of physical delight."  -A. Kiedas  RHCP	0
Yes, but... shouldn't size of newsgroup be an issue? Sorry if this has been covered before, but comp.grahpics.animation get how much  traffic per day? 50 articles? Maybe 70 on an extremely heavy day? I've been following this group for about four months now, and I don't recall ever seeing such a flood of posts that a split would be warranted.  Just my 2 cents,	0
Are there any TIFF to anything programs out there for the IBM? Our scanner works into TIFF, and I can view it on CSHOW 8.1, but  all of my other programs read errors. Are there any basic Tiff to  JPEG, GIF, PCX, BMP, etc...?  Thanks for the time...Email or post acceptable. Joshuaf	0
Okay, I don't use it very much, but I would like for it to keep working correctly, at least as long as Apple continues to make System software that will run on it, if slowly :-)  Here is the problem: When the screen is tilted too far back, vertical lines appear on the screen. They are every 10 pixels or so, and seem to be affected somewhat by opening windows and pulling down menus. It looks to a semi-technical person like there is a loose connection between the screen and the rest of the compute..	1
I tried to E-mail you, but the message bounced.  Motorola has a University Support Program through which (I've been told) folks at schools can get sample quantities of parts. If you'd like to try this  route, e-mail me for the address/phone #...I don't wish to post it for all the world to see.	2
